1: Love the medication. Doesn't zonk me out like the others that I have tried over the years.  My depression resulted from being in chronic pain. Meaning 24/7 with no relief from a pharmacy of pain meds.  This medication is calming and very effective.  I take it once daily, at the same time each day, and seem to stay on an even keel. Holidays are even easier. Hope your results are the same
2: I have been on 100mg for years,  I've piled on loads of weight. I have no motivation to do anything.
I struggle to sleep at night, I cant seem to switch off. I just feel like I have no emotional feelings.
3: I honestly feel setraline changed my life. After taking it for about three months I began seeing an improvement on my anxiety. I didn’t feel socially awkward, my neck and head stopped twitching in front of a crowd. I lost the need to constantly masturbate. I could socialize more. I kinda split my pill in two though. The 100mg. I think setraline is good for social anxiety and OCD. However, I do get tummy issues. If not ache or nausea then its constipation. I’m happy with setraline. Now I do not care so much about what others think of me or what I’m doing in the momentRead More Read Less
4: I started at 50 mg...had on-going problems w/ fatigue, so the doctor suggested that I increase the dose to 75 mg. I've experiences weigh gain while using this drug--which I am not happy about. Another doctor suggested that I try Wellbutrin. The online reviews seem pretty mixed--and the side effects many experience during the initial weeks of use sound pretty unpleasant. Any advice??
5: it works good when u have the right doctor who knows the mixture effects of the drug  my doc got me from never leaving the house to hanging out with friends again and doing stuff in public i wouldnt have done before  i wish i could give his name because hes well educated and knows what hes doing
6: I was wondering how long it takes before you feel the effects? I have been on zoloft for about one week and do not feel any different.
7: Zoloft is the best!  I have been on it 5 months now and it changed my life! I am able to go out and enjoy everything.  Panic attacks have basically gone away.  I do have strange dreams and also have a hard time falling asleep, sometimes.
8: I am experiencing constant flushing of my face and very dry eyes.  I would like to know the side effects of this drug as I don't feel it has helped. Anxiety came afteer major operation 2 years ago, but don't feel I require drug now.
9: good
10: Began taking for post partum depression. I actually feel like myself again! This has been wonderful. I no longer snap at the smallest mishap or have panic attacks in an overcrowded store. I did experience a small weight gain but like anything else with the proper diet and exercise it is manageable.
11: I have been on this medication for 6 years. It helped a lot at first & got me out of the house & social & made my panic attacks go away. In the past 2 years it has ruined me. I have mood swings like crazy, I yell all the time, I cry every day, I get so depressed, if I skip a day without taking my pill I turn into the meanest person alive!! I will also get the so called "brain zaps" that come along with this medication. I talked to my doctor about this & he just told me to continue to take the medication. I really do not want to be on this anymore. I only started taking it to stop my panic attacks and now I have a whole list of problems. I'am deffinetely not the same person I was before I started taking it. I'am no longer a social butterfly. I don't like to talk to people, I barely speak to my boyfriend, my sex drive has gone way down. I don't want to be on antidepressants for the rest of my life, esp when I didn't start taking it for depression in the first place and now I'am constantly depressed. I DO NOT recommend this medication. Even if it helps at first, in the long run it is not a good thing. All I want now is to find something else & try to get back to normal & be the old me..Read More Read Less
12: 2 different does each day and it works well.
13: Though my mother takes a different, stronger drug with a higher dosage, I find that Sertraline fits my needs quite well. I can't say that it's perfect because I still experience moments of mania and depression while on medication but my dosage increased and hopefully it will be just like when I first started. It was first numbing then absolute normality. I felt like me again.
14: I had OCD my whole life only I didnt know what it was. I also have depression anxiety and panic. I've been taking 100 mg Zoloft for 20 years it has saved my life I believe. Lately life got the best of me loss after loss for the past 5 years. My dr recently put me up to 150 I'm much better and will stay on this dose. My advice to anyone needing help don't hesitate to take this medication. If I remember At first it takes some getting use to but stick with it you will be glad you did.
15: I went to a mental hospital for 7 days because of self harm and after 3 days they said i had major depression i was on it for 2 weeks then got taken off of it and 2 months later was put on it for a month. This medication has not done anything and i still feel the same as before.
16: It's work for me, how ever I feel some triggers came out by medication side effect. (BTW I'm a few patient that feel sleepy  after take med.)
17: the pill is easy to use, but i have taken the name brand before, and had no problems, but the generic i am having a problem with. it makes me sick at my stomach. the chemical make up is not good. I am given it for stress, and it does work for stress very well, but it does have a bad effect on the stomach, and not wanting to eat at all.
18: I suffer from p.t.s.d. depression,  o.c.d. anger and rage, self harm and disassociation. Every day was a fight, a struggle,  internal pain, not fitting in anywhere,  desperation. Been on fluoxetine for 25yrs, did nothing apart from easing symptoms of o.c.d. finally after much input from various therapies and specialists,  I was lucky to find a mental health nurse that put me on sertraline,  I'm on 150 a day, and it's a super drug. I can't believe the effects it's had on my life. Positively that is. Always been sceptical about antidepressants,  but this truly has saved my life. I just wish I'd have been offered this 20 plus years ago.Read More Read Less
19: I am on this medicine for anxiety.  Since starting I've noticed I worry less about things but am now depressed.  Could be the holidays.  Haven't noticed any weird side effects.  Slight loss of appetite which is fine with me.  Gonna ask to up the dose I think.
20: I suffer from severe chronic depression,and have been on many different meds. I take Wellbutrin as well as Sertraline. I started on 50mg and bumped it up to 100mg in august. It stopped working in December. In Feb I bumped it up to 200mg and the side effects are annoying. Although 200mg is working, my side effects are annoying. In the morning I would get acid reflux, so I switched to the afternoon and take it with food, no more acid reflux, BUT, shaky arms, nausea and drowsiness. It has been dificult exercising now. My mood has improved, so I hope this med works for a long timeRead More Read Less
21: This drug did not work for me at all! It made me feel like the laziest person on earth, headaches were outrageos, so tired, and trouble rememberin things!
22: My worse time is in the morning.   All my problems and worries hit me like a brick, when I wake up.  I almost wish I was dead at that time.  After I get up and around., I feel somewhat better.  Sertraline helps me get a handle on my terrible depression, in the morning.  However, it only takes the rough edges off the depression.  I can not remember ever not worrying about something, but in my older age, it is much worse.  I do like the way sertraline has helped me make it through the day, but wish my depression would totally leave.Read More Read Less
23: Sertraline worked wonders for my depression and OCD - anxiety disorders..  my only complaint is  very low sex drive.   I try not to take the meds on weekends when I am with my boyfriend - this way I will get "in the mood" .. The first drug did not work for me -  cried alot and slept for 16 hours.. then my DR. switched to Sertraline (brand name Zoloft)..  What a difference in my mood..  We are all made up differently and if one drug does not work for you then consult with your doctor as there are many more out there for you to try.. Don't give up.
24: I have been taking Sertraline for about 3 years now and I can tell a big difference when I'm on it and when I'm not.  I started on the 50 mg dosage and was moved up to 100mg this month.  (Got moved up due to lots of changes coming into my life, not that the 50 mg didn't work)    I have had a few strange dreams in the past, as well as having trouble sleeping (especially when first starting the drug and the dosage up-age)   I have had a lower sexdrive but can usually pick it up after a while.  I haven't gained weight on Sertraline, rather I've lost 40 pounds in the last year--no changes in sitting on my butt or anything. =)  I like this better than lexapro and celexa, I think it works better and a bit quicker.  It did take a week or so to notice changes in my mood (for myself anyway) so don't think it's an overnight thing.Read More Read Less
25: After a HORRIBLE experience with Prozac, I'm now on the Zoloft and LOVE IT!  I don't experience any side effects at all, especially in comparison to the very disturbing nightmares I was having on the Prozac.  I'm so glad I spoke up and asked my dr. for something new!  He originally prescribed 50mg, but after meeting with a psychiatrist, my dose is up to 100mg and the difference is huge.  The 50mg was only taking the edge off so I didn't blow up, but the 100mg never even allows it to get that intense.  I'm taking it along with Klonopin in anticipation of traveling in a few weeks, and I'm confident I can travel and be away from my son for the first time without any major breakdowns.Read More Read Less
26: Tried every med imaginable for depression and PTSD...sertraline is the only thing that works for me. God bless whoever invented me little blue friend :)
27: I started taking this drug due to anxiety, social anxiety, and nervousness. It was ok for the first days, but, I had a panic attack the 3rd morning and the doctor told me to keep taking it because the side effects only last the 1st week or so and it gets better in time. Well, I did keep taking it, and on the 6th day (at night), I had a major panic attack. I was feeling heat sensations in my stomach, chest, mid-back, neck, and back of my head. I started trembling and shaking and feeling scared for my life. I did have anxiety attacks before, but, I learned to fight them off before this, but, this time around, I couldn't. I ended up in the ER. I felt weak and was trembling talking to the nurses. They told me I was normal except for the symptoms. I was given a shot of Ativan and I was almost instantly calm and my symptoms were gone. I told my doctor and he just prescribed me Ativan.Read More Read Less
28: I rated effectiveness and satisfaction as four stars versus five because after running out of the medication and having been off of it for a few weeks, I've along with others noticed uncharateristic mood swings, if not certain bouts of rage.
29: i begane taking this medicnie because i would get panic attacks at concerts and in big classes. overtime, it became worse and more often. i found myself constantly worrying about going places in fear of having a panic attack. since i have been on this medicine i have done a complete 180. i dont even worry about anxiety anymore. i feel like i can finally enjoy things and experiences because i dont have to worry about an anxiety attack. this medicine was extremely effective for me. i have had some of the side effects  but after some time they all seemed to go away.Read More Read Less
30: My cousin was diagnosed with OCD and severe anxiety. His doctor proscribed sertraline for it and it seemed to work. One thing it has seemed to affect is his appetite and sleep. One night we were watching TV before bed and all of the sudden he moves around a bit. Then the next thing I know he starts touching me and grabbing me slowly, so I turned to him and it looked like he was absolutely awake. So I was like what the heck and I grabbed and shook him but nothing happened. After shaking him more he finally woke up and freaked out, this is why you dont wake up a sleeping dramer/sleepwalker. Needless to say, he was actually sleeping but one of the side affects of this drug causes some weird stuff to happen in his sleep. But overall, it does its job.Read More Read Less
31: Has anyone experienced losing taste and smell on this drug
32: Works amazing. I've had extreme depression, anxiety, and dealing with PTSD. I would have about 3 panic attacks a day, dissociation, constant depression, and suicidal thoughts/ideations. I was put in a psychiatric hospital due to a suicide attempt. I had to sleep all day long to get away from it.   I had no motivation what-so-ever. Now it's all gone. I feel incredible.
33: I have been on this drug for 11 years. I went off of it a few years back and thought of killing myself and children. i have been back on the drug for about year and half. I don't know how I could ever get off it. I now will take it everyday. I can not function with out it. My life has changed since I went back on it. My kids see a difference too. I have more to live for. And if that means that I have to take it forever then thats what it means. I can now go through the whole day with out crying over something on tv. or getting upset over the littlest things. I love the way that it makes me feel. I had a problem with an upset stomach too, but i learned to eat somthing before I took the drug
34: I've had no complaints about this drug. After 2 weeks of taking it, my attitude became more positive and I had a brighter outlook on life (taking 50mg). I did have some restless sleep for about a month though. The only problems I've noticed are that my apathy is greater, depending on the situation and I don't want to have sex much.
35: I have never been so tired in my life! This drug zapped my energy so much. I was like a zombie. After 4 weeks, my doctor finally changed me to another med and I feel much better! Also, I had a really dry mouth and absolutely no appetite -- I could go all day and never feel hungry. I do not recommend.
36: Ive been on for 2 months and it hasnt seemed to work for me much. I dnt cry for no reason but thats about it. sex drive is fine but i cant have an orgam.
37: Didn’t get too many side effects. Has helped with my anxiety and depression.
38: I have recently had to increase from 100 mg to 150 mg sertraline due to awful anxiety and depression. In the past I have been very well on sertraline. Tomorrow will be 4 weeks on 150 mg yet my anxiety and depression feel worse. Can anyone assure me this passes and it does eventually help the mental illness
39: I have been taking this medication for about 9 monthes, it is great and very effective in contolling anxiety ,improved my sleep and decreased my depression. I did not experience much side effect except low sex drive.
40: I still have some depression but hoping in time that will disappear also
41: I have been taking 50mg Sertraline for 2 1/2 weeks now. I feel somewhat better mentally but have been having weird dreams and difficulty sleeping.  I cannot obtain an orgasm either.  I am going to hang in a little longer to see if the side effects go away
42: I've been taking 100mg of Sertraline for 3 and a half months and I feel somewhat better. I can feel the difference and some of the edge comes off but I still at times cannot stop the heart wrenching sobbing and feeling of worthlessness. I don't know if I need a higher dose or if I need something else.
43: I began suffering severe panic attacks in early 2010, so my doctor put me on sertraline.  After 4 days, I had to stop taking it. Within half an hour, max, I would have an extremely dramatic change in mood.  To say that I would become angry and foul is an understatement!  Full on rage.  My doctor suggested I give it a bit of time to adjust...but it was just too severe of a reaction for me.  The ONLY "positive" I experienced...if you could call it that, is that I had energy through the roof!  But not really a "good" energy...more like an antsy, nervous energy.  One of the worst drugs I have ever been on in my life.Read More Read Less
44: I've been on 25mg for coming up on two months, the only side effect I've had is light sensitivity and a little bit of weight gain (which tbh I needed). Within days of taking it I got euphoria and seemed happier, but Within a month it began leveling out and it became moderate happiness. May need to up the dosage however because now being almost two months on it, mild depressive symptoms are hitting harder, but I'm pretty sure that's a tolerance thing.
45: this sh!t blows
46: relieved all my anxiety in 2 days
47: Absolutely love this medication. I can tell when i forgot it as i get very irritable and sad. Once I’m on the medication i love life and i am so happy.
48: I had been on Xanax for 30 years for Panic Attacks. My doctor retired, so I went to a new, younger doctor.  He recommended I get off of Xanax and on to Sertraline.  After 4 months of withdrawal hell, I was off of Xanax and on Sertraline.  I have had only one mild panic attack since then.  There were a few, minor, start-up side effects, but those have since left (loose bowels and dizziness).  It is good not having to carry around Xanax to take 3 times a day!
49: I started on 50 mg and that didn't seem to be quite enough--I am switching from the generic form of Celexa because there has been more testing done with Zoloft and it's generic form Sertraline during pregnancy; my husband and I are trying to start a family. My doctor raised the dosage to 100 mg and that has been very good with the depression symptoms but now I've had terrible diarrhea for the last 2 weeks. The doctor told me to decrease the dosage again to 50 mg but I'm afraid that the depression symptoms will come back. Does anyone have advice for dealing with the diarrhea? Does it go away?Read More Read Less
50: This medication saved my life.   After suffering severe PTSD after trauma/sexual assault as a child and hitting rock bottom this medication really helped through hardest time of my life, it took the edge off when times got too hard for me.  Highly recommended first few weeks are awful horrible side effects  but please be patient with it.
51: After 2 terrible weeks on Welbutrin my doc has just started me on 50 mg of zoloft ,fingers crossed ,i will keep you guy's posted .Depression along with social phobia is my double whammy .the reveiws i've read sound promising .I know my smile is out there i just to find it .
52: I’ve been on sertraline a little over a year now and I’m generally happy with the drug. I’ve had depression and anxiety as long as I can remember but since starting sertraline i’ve been more motivated and have less suicidal ideations. I have a few side effects, most notably restlessness, especially in my legs, when I try to sleep or sit still. It’s always been an issue for me, but the drug has certainly made it worse in that regard. Otherwise, I’m doing pretty well. Hope you are too.
53: Worked well initially when I started taking it about 4 yrs ago. Kept me from suicide. Both my parents died last year, and again, I don't think I could have made it without the med plus supportive friends. But for the past 6-8 months I don't think it's working as well. I'm on 150mg, which I think is pretty high already.
54: not working .
55: been on it for 5 years, never felt better
56: been taking for four days now, wow, what a great appetite suppressent.  Had eating disorder at night and now its gone.  No more junk food cravings at night.  Have to force myself to eat so i am trying to eat only healthy foods and hope to loose some serious weight... Slight headache all day long although but well worth it...  I used to think about desert while eating dinner but know a small meal and i am satisfied....
57: been on zoloft for almost 3 weeks.  I am more depressed than ever and have thought about killing myself.  This medicine is horrible.  I hope I can stay alive.
58: used for menapause.
59: I started taking 25mg of Sertraline about 5 weeks ago as i started having panic attacks out of the blue. my bp was through the roof and my bp meds weren't helping level it out. doc said we needed to treat the stress and not the bp. I would say after two weeks i noticed a difference. my hubby says he notices i'm calmer and he doesn't have to tell me to "relax" like he used to. i have noticed that the panic attacks still come but not as intense and i can talk myself out of them mostly. wondering if i need a higher dose? hope that they will just go away as i would not wish feeling that way on anyone! side effects i notice loss of appetite, feel jittery like i have to be doing something constantly, diarreah, and unfortunately a decrease in libido
60: Ive been taking Zoloft and now sertraline  50mg. for postmenopausal depression for a number of years.  Its worked wonderful to keep my moods balanced.
61: I have been on this for about 4months. It is by far the worst I have ever been on. My doctor started me on the 25mg 8day then 50mg 8days then 100mg daily. It has made my life so hard that it made me more depressed and more aniexious. The side effects are killer. Always Naususa, uncontrollable diahirrea, headaches, Excessive sweating, dry mouth, awful taste in mouth, no sex drive. It has made my life a living hell. I am on the generic and am in the process of being weaned off it, only a week left at 25mg. I do not recommend this to anyone, I am going to try to do without anything for awhile but probably go back to lexapro or cymbalta they seem to work not as good but no side effects.Read More Read Less
62: On and off depression for 20 years. I've reached the end of the days where sertraline does something for me. Started out on Lexapro in my teens through early 20's, I was motivated but felt down most days.  
I've been on Sertraline with varying doses for about 8 years for chronic depression and seasonal affective disorder.  Each time the dosage goes up and down, I have periods of dizziness and headaches for a few days but it's not something that shut me down.  Right now, I'm on 125 mg/day and could sleep through my days if I didn't need to work and tend to children.  I am suuuuper unmotivated and it's weird because it's the middle of summer and usually SAD hits mid winter.  

I have varying levels of anxiety.  I have mild anxiety right now but in the past had to be medicated before I could get on a plane.  It's so frustrating -the panic attacks.  Because I "know better," but something in my head is so irrational and blows up an issue like its the only thing going on in the world and it's putting me in imminent danger.  Somehow, the anxiety has subsided.  I don't know why.  But the depression is sticking around like a homeless cat.

Note: at 200 mg I bled like crazy during menstrual cycle.  I went to ER, they thought I was making stuff up when I said I think my antidepressant is making me bleed more. I met with a psychiatrist later and mentioned that episode and he confirmed that hyper-bleeding for menstruating women was a reported side effect when on higher doses.  Good to know. 

Honestly, I always feel better when I get outside, work out a little or a lot, go see friends and do stuff with them, take my kids to the park, and eat healthy.  Sertraline just isn't doing anything beneficial for me any more. 

Dr switched me over to Wellbutrin- the side effects look wicked.  I've been unmedicated for 2 weeks now and feel a lot better than my last few days on sertraline.  

It's not about what's on the other side, it's the climb?  I think at this point I know myself enough to know I need to be around people, to put myself in social environments, and to stay accountable about diet and exercise
63: does this stuff delay a period since i have only been on this for less than a month??its only been 3 weeks and my period never showed up.
64: do not know yet    just received the RX
65: I have been on this drug a little over a year I am being treated for depression and panic attacks(50mg) It took about 4 weeks to start working and I started to feel better.. then out of know where I started to get severe panic attacks...(very scary)  so my doctor increased my dosage to 100mg I  have been at this dosage for about 4 months now and feel great.I make sure now that I take it at the same time every day and don't miss a dosage. In the beginning I did have a loss of appetite and lost about 20 lbs. Also now I do get a tremor in my hands once in a while but nothing major.Over all I feel better than I have in years,My husband and I hardly fight anymore and my moods are more stable and now that many of my stresses are out of my life I'm hoping to wean off the meds soon.  Read More Read Less
66: My dose was increase in all fairness to the maximum dosage of 200mg by a deluded psychiatrist with little thought put into the decision. This drug of course works wonders for some people, but being 17-18 at the time, it infact worsened my symptoms and I felt very constipated and anxious. Duloxetine (60mg) has worked well for me. I would note that your simply careful and sure this drug works for you.
67: Only have taken for two days, extreme nausea. Will not take again.
68: I had been on Lexapro for depression and our insurabce would not cover this medication, so my Dr changed to Sertralin. So far my depression is getting worst again.
69: I started taking this medication approximately 5 years ago for an anxiety disorder.  It has helped me immensely, reducing my panic attacks and general anxiety.  It of course is not 100% effective, but that is where all the mental stuff comes in.  I started on a lower dose and built up, so side effects were barely there for me.  I have yet to try to come off or reduce my dose of this medication.  An added bonus is that if I forget a day here and there it doesn't make a big difference, because it stays in my system, and would take about two weeks to fully be removed.  For me, this works a lot better than a daily anxiety reducing drug.  Overall, I am happy with how this drug has helped to improve my quality of life.Read More Read Less
70: Halfway through this year, around June I developed a panic disorder out of NOWHERE. I became really fearful about doing things I had done loads before, and I became anxious of the anxiety, getting worried about how I would get things done in case I had another panic attack. I started sertraline after being warned off citalopram by my therapist, as she thought sertraline would be slightly better for my anxiety diagnosis considering I showed no signs of depression. I took her advice, and was prescribed 50mg. I was actually really scared to start the drug, I had read the reviews and many people had said the first 1-2 weeks were really tough, so I took a week off work to get into it. I didn't experience any nausea or anything like that, but the first day I did feel a bit hungover and the first week I was quite tired. What I would say was the anxiety did get worse before it got better - I felt like I was in a whirlwind of anxiety and I'll be honest, it was extremely grim. If you can take time off work,  I would recommend doing so. In my second week, I went back to work and had to face something that had been eating my stomach up I was so anxious about it. If you have a panic disorder and are really struggling with it, I cannot emphasise enough the power of accepting your anxiety the minute it arrives: feel the blood drain from your extremeties to your internal organs, feel your heart beat the fastest its ever beat, and feel your breathing hasten. Let it go crazy and be comfortable in it - relax into the 'armchair' of those sensations - after a while it REALLY takes away the power of anxiety! I wasn't sure if it was this new found technique or the sertraline that was doing it, but during the third week my anxiety was beginning to slightly lift. It was in the fourth week where I was like... I am not stressed really about anything??? Which was a GORGEOUS feeling, and honestly life changing. I am now 5/6 weeks in, and although those first two week were a bit rough, it is BEYOND worth it. I would say I'm 80% on the way to being completly mentally healthy, whereas before I was on about 5% just with therapy. Therapy is definitely starting to kick in now, if you have that option too, please use it. But I wanted to share my experience, I feel NO side effects whatsoever, nothing is dulled, everything is pretty great!! I feel like I can do things again without even a slight consideration of what would happen if I had a panic attack. 10/10, would recommend to anyone in a similar position!!!Read More Read Less
71: sertraline pills gave me an extreme burning sensation of the throat and upset my stomach after taking it with a large amount of water. I stopped taking it...25 milligrams color green
72: HAVE PROBLEM WITH SHEEPING
73: This medication is incredible. I've had panic attacks since I was 12, and finally started taking this in my late 20s. I was worried about taking an anti-anxiety med because I didn't want to be desensitized, but I have a full range of emotions, and it's like nothing's changed... except I don't get the panic attacks anymore.
74: This medicine did upset my stomach but I started taking it at night with ginger ale and crackers and that helped a lot. I have been on it now for over 12 years and this medicine has saved my life.  I never miss a dose and at 63 feel better than I ever have.  I just started 100 mg from 50 after being on it so long and it has balanced out my life.
75: I have been very pleased with Sertraline.  It has saved my life - I am thankful to be able to take it.
76: I havent been taking my medication like it I should so I can't check a star. On my next check in I will mark a star.
77: Day 2 i felt really bad had shortness of breath bad anxiety.  Was afraid to leave my house just couldn't focus on anything.
78: I was given 50mg by my Dr. to help with IBS symptoms, Little did I know it would help that and change me as a person. I knew I had a little more aggitated and quick to get angry, frustrated and I have also had anxiety I just dealt with it. But once on this I feel great. I have been on it over a year and just feel like a calmer person. I hope I have no reason to up it in the future to 100mg. The only small concerns is no sex drive, nigth sweats, and I have gained about 15 lbs. But that goes with about any drug you have to take. I have told many of my freinds and family in the same situation to have their Dr. Let them try it and so far all have had positive results
79: since taking this medication i feel like less of a person. the main symptom of my depression prior to taking this med was a lack of emotion, which has only increased since. it has little to no effect on taking away my low points, yet seems to keep the good times from happening.
i have no longer have any real sense of self, i feel disconnected from the world and people around me. i also have little to no sex drive, this isn't an issue so much because i don't have sex but it would be preferable being normal. there's an almost impenetrable fog surrounding my thoughts. 
the only real benefit i can think of is sleep. while i've never been a detrimentally light sleeper, i find myself sleeping in longer and waking up far less often
80: Very little relief of depression.  After reading the last side effect list when I refilled the prescription, I have begun to gradually discontinue it.  I have several symptoms that I am dealing with and I am wondering if this might be the cause.
81: It makes me sleepy.
82: This treatment has worked as far as depression is concerned, however, I do not feel like I have normal feelings on this medication.  I feel very lathargic.
83: I STARTED THIS MEDICATION TO HELP ME WITH THE FEELING OF BEING OVERWHELMED WITH MY EVERYDAY RESPONSIBLITIES...I WAS ANXIOUS AND UNHAPPY BECAUSE I WAS UNABLE TO ACCOMPLISH MY TASKS, ETC.  THIS MEDICINE HAS HELPED ME FEEL MORE IN CONTROL OF MY SELF AND MORE CONTENT IN WHAT USED TO BE VERY DIFFICULT AND INTIMIDATING SITUATIONS.  I AM ABLE TO THINK MORE CLEARLY AND FEEL LESS APPREHENSIVE.  I AM FEELING POSITIVE ABOUT MY RELATIONSHIP WITH FAMILY MEMBERS AND CO WORKERS.  I EXPERIENCED A VERY QUICK , BUT SUBTLE CHANGE IN MY EVERY DAY LIFE.  I AM GETTING MORE DONE WITH A HAPPIER DISPOSITION.Read More Read Less
84: seems to have worked alright taken along with 300mgs of Topamax and lamogrine daily
85: decreases sexual abitlity, or delayed ejaculation. More frustrating than depression.
86: I have taken it before with great success for my anxiety disorder, but that was 10 years ago. I spent less than a year on it and didn't even need xanax after a year and a half. Now I'm back on it for anxiety once again. I have side effects such as shaking, occasional diarrhea, drowsiness, and some occasional mild to moderate depression. The doc assures me it will go away in a few weeks as my body adjusts to the meds. On a positive note, I've only been taking Zoloft for a week and I already notice the change. Although I'm not anywhere near over my anxiety yet, most days are bearable whereas a week ago I thought I couldn't take it anymore. Its an amazing medication even with its mild discomforts, which I'm sure will subside.  Read More Read Less
87: Taking 25mg daily. Been on it for about 1 year now. I might be getting use to the drug cause my Anxiety and Panic attacks are coming back. I have also gained about 25 lbs. Plus I now have NO  interest  in having sex. Thinking about asking my Dr. to change the Meds just don't like the side affects.
88: It has work wonders for me.
89: I have been taking this medication for 22 months now, it took 6-8 weeks to start taking effect. my Doctor warned me that it would. My hands used to tremble when my husband would get upset with me over something. My whole body would feel "shaky".     My only concern is missing a dose. One day I missed my pill (50 mg) and it didn't affect me, so I started to take it every other day, on the third day of skipping it I had what I believe to be a panic attack. I was really jumpy, got snippy with people and just couldn't concentrate at work. I won't do that again but I'm worry about what will happen when I feel I can stop taking it.Read More Read Less
90: This medicine made my anxiety horrible.  I felt like I was always crawling out of my skin.  Depression and anger was much worse.
91: I know its disheartening to read that these drugs take time to work, they do, but they work! I've been taking the drug to help with my POCD for about 10 weeks now and I am noticing a HUGE difference in my anxiety, mood and levels of intrusive thoughts.     The first few days were horrible - shaking, sweating, couldn't sleep - but after a few days I didn't really have any side effects.     I noticed a change after about 5 or 6 weeks - quite a sudden change, like the thoughts bothered me much less and could go away easier. I'm on 50mg at the moment and am having counselling.     It doesnt get rid of OCD, but makes is MUCH more manageable. So I would recommend these pills to everyone with OCD!Read More Read Less
92: nothing differant in personality
93: My husband had colon cancer surgery and quad-  ruple coronary bypass within a five-month span.  During this time I began to suffer gastrointestnal upsets, appetite and weight loss, and loss of joy in life.  My health care provider recommended Sertraline, and within a week my symptoms began to diminish.  As time went on, I was able to gradually decrease dosage and after about a year, discontinued the drug.  I experienced no untoward side effects while using Sertraline, and am grateful to have my "old self" back.Read More Read Less
94: I have thyroid problems  in the past. This drug can restart the thyroid problems. So don't take it if you had a thyroid  problem in the past.
95: I have been taking Zoloft for many years and when they made a generic I switched too.  All generics are not the same....the only one I can take is "Greenstone" brand; the other generics just do not work.
96: I was taking sertaline for maybe 6 months now, and since then I have had vivid thoughts of hurtful things happening to me, which made me feel like I was going "crazy". I wasn't sure if this was normal, I came on here and read the side effects of this drug and immediately stopped taking it, which I should have consulted the doctor because apparently once taking this you need to wing yourself off of it, the thoughts only then got worse and more vivid, so I contacted my doctor and since then I've been on Bupropion. Going on the 3 day so we will see....Read More Read Less
97: Use 50 mg for anxiety,depression, and obsessive/compulsive behavior related to tinnitus. It has helped reduce the anxiety and compulsion to a level that I can tolerate and live a decent life with tinnitus.
98: I gained weight continuously at 100 mg in the evening. Cutting down to 50 mg.  See what happens.
99: It took away my anxiety and panic attacks for the most part but gave me muscle aches in my arms and legs. I had to go off it because it affected my daily life so much. I felt weak all the time, and exhausted!
100: This medication has worked extremely well for me. I've suffered with depression all my life. without it I am a basket case.
101: I was prescribed 150mg dose to deal with social anxiety and depression. Combined with CBT, this helped me to deal with a lot of my issues. Decided to go cold turkey 3 months ago and had minor tremors (intermittent at that) and hypersomnia. Some anxiety has returned, but not even 1/5 as bad as what it was before I got treatment. Also, gained 25 pounds because of the drug and now, the best I can do is maintain my weight with rigorous exercise.
102: I started taking this at a half pill every other day and felt better but I thought I didn't need it anymore and stopped...big mistake.  After about a few days I had the worst anxiety I have had in about 16yrs, I just wanted to die.    I got myself on the med now everyday at full capsule 100mg and I feel better so now just afraid of getting off of it at some point.
103: Diagnosed with breast cancer and I lost it. Been on this for 1 month now. I crashed so bad before I thought the drug was giving me bad side effects. I was still having bad anx attacks and felt helpless for a week. After uping to 50 in two weeks (doctor ordered) It started to taper off but I still had certain times of the day where I struggled to feel in control. To make a long story short-I take half in the moring and the other half at night. I am feeling like myself again finally. Believe me I had very extreme anxiety in fact I think I suffered the classic nervous breakdown the same day I started to take this. I had a humming in my ear for a whole day. I could not settle down,I wa a wreck. Wish I acould say more. It is helping. In fact took it about 15 years ago for 6 mos. Helped then too but I was not on the generic like I am now.Read More Read Less
104: I was on Zoloft a few years ago and it worked great for me. I just went through some tough times (money, loss of friend) and went back to my dr. and asked for it again. I take 50 mg at night and will be increasing it soon to 100 mg. I feel better, no mood swings (crying then angry). I feel better when I am on it then when I am not and my family likes me better too! Overall this has worked great for me.
105: Works well for my depression and anxiety. I now rely on Cialis though, as the drug has destroyed my libido.
106: I've been on this med for a year now, and it's working very well for me. I do have a question for any women that may have taken it/be taking it. Has anyone had false-negative pregnancy tests while taking this med? (meaning they got negative results, but were actually pregnant). I read that it can cause false-negative lab results..  Thanks!
107: Calm no more rage should of had this drug 40 years ago
108: I went to the doctor yesterday because I have been feeling weak for the past month and when I am out in public I start getting nervous. He prescribed me Sertraline 50MG to help with my anxiety. Ever since I took it I've been very tired and stayed in bed all day today just wanting to sleep. When will I expect to get my energy back??
109: Helps my mood but its impossible to sleep.
110: Too many side effects. 3 weeks of upset stomach, periods of heart skipping beats, bloating, blurred vision, weight gain, muscle/joint pain, dry mouth.
111: I am getting headache and insomania
112: Terrible experience with this medication.  I was so sick instantly. A huge swing in depression, and severe muscle weakness.  Would never try this again.
113: Seemed to have no side effects. Been taking Sertraline for many years and now trying to get off of it. We have been doing this for quite a few months. I originally was at 100mg and now I am at 25mg. Want to know what side effects should I be experiencing as I am coming off of sertraline.
114: I HAVE HAD ANXIETY SINCE MY TEENS BUT HAVE ONLY SOUGHT HELP FROM MY DOCTOR IN THE LAST FEW MONTHS ( I’m 56 now )I WAS PRESCRIBED 50 mg AND THE SIDE EFFECTS WERE HORRENDOUS. I  WAS SLEEPING A LOT DURING THE DAY, COULD NOT FUNCTION AND FELT SO SPACED OUT.I STUCK AT IT FOR 9 WEEKS BEFORE I COULD TAKE NO MORE.
LOADS OF PEOPLE IN THE REVIEWS SAID IT TAKES A GOOD 4 WEEKS BEFORE IT KICKS IN. UNFORTUNATELY IT DID NOTHING FOR ME. A LOT OF MY FRIENDS SAY IT WORKS GREAT THEM .
I HAVE SINCE SWITCHED TO CITALOPRAM AND FELT A HUGE POSITIVE DIFFERENCE WITHIN 2 WEEKS. IT FELT SO GENTLE.
I WASNT SO EXHAUSTED AND HAD ENERGY AGAIN.PLUS MY ANXIETY HAS PRACTICALLY DISAPPEARED.Read More Read Less
115: Sertraline was my second attempt at antidepressants (1st was Effexor, very bad reaction from day 1). I can't believe how lucky I am that it works for me. Mood, sleep and anxiety levels improved greatly. I have GAD as well, so the first week or two anxiety was getting worse, but now I rarely get it anymore. Depression is harder to lift as it turns out I've had it for a couple of decades almost nonstop, but this is the first time in my life that I don't think I would be better off dead. This medication is the best thing that happened to me in my entire life. It doesn't make me feel euphoric or anything, I just don't feel bad for no reason all the time as I did before
116: I started having anxiety/panic attacks in my late teens. I used to take xanax as needed on and off for a few years. I stopped taking xanax and I became a heavy drinker to self medicate and this only made my symptoms worse and I became a daily drinker to get rid of the anxiety. I decided to get sober in march 2014 and in october I decided I needed to try medication again. I started at 25mg and noticed on the first day my anxiety was gone. I had a panic attack on day 2 and have not had one since. I know they say it takes weeks to work, but somehow it worked right away for me. I increased the dosage each week by 25mg and I now take 150mg a day to manage my anxiety/panic and minor depression. I did not know how bad my symptoms were until taking the medication and looking back to how much better I feel. the constant worry is gone. heart palpitations are gone and I do not have a constant fear that I am having a heart attack. my migraines are gone and I no longer have the constant fear of having a stroke or aneurism. my stomach issues have improved as well. I no longer stress over minor things and I do not feel that I have to force myself to do daily tasks and go to work. this drug has worked wonders for me. side effects at first included nausea and lack of appetite which only lasted a few days. second week at 50mg i was always tired. diarrhea when increasing dosage, but only lasted a day or 2. gives me energy which I compare to the feeling of when your coffee is kicking in and feel super happy but not in a manic way. this has decreased a bit so it may be a side effect of getting used to the medication. I take the medication in the morning. This is my first experience with an SSRI and I consider myself lucky that I found one that worked on the first try. don't let the horror stories scare you into not trying an SSRI. I also notice that I no longer have obsessive thoughts about alcohol. I have no desire to drink which is great for a recovering alcoholic. 2 thumbs up!Read More Read Less
117: Sexual side effects.  I have a very difficult time ejaculating.  regular sex is not working, it takes heavy masturbation and very hardcore porn to work.  Other than that I have PTSD so it keeps me from going on a killing spree.  GO sertraline!
118: As I believe it can be good for some people, I couldn’t bear the side effects. I took Zoloft sertraline 50mg to start, I couldn’t go more than 6 days of taking it. I’m currently 3 and a half days off of it. As some things feel a bit normal, I still feel as if I’m suffering side effects. Dizziness, nausea, with these come a lack of appetite. I honestly thought the first couple days off I had a stomach ulcer, but there’s been slight relief once I finally managed to eat a tiny bit. Dreams have been very weird, and waking up every couple of hours. It still impacts my day-to-day life as of right now, and I’m hopeful that things will go back to normal as I have a phobia of nausea. Find it hard to get out of bed with these nasty side effects persisting. As I mentioned, this may benefit some people, but it’s definitely not for me.Read More Read Less
119: Zoloft helped immensely, generics have been great as well UNTIL I got Aurobindo mfd. Sertraline....awful side effects, anxiety, panic, etc...switched to Cipla mfr and the syptoms went away...WOULD NEVER recommend putting anyone on the Aurobindo (I take 100 mg)
120: I love this med, it is a life saver for my depression.  I have no side effects, and have been taking it for 3 years.
121: sever headaches,weight gain
122: My doctor prescribed this drug for me to help me deal with depression and anger.  After 3 weeks of taking the drug I sensed a feeling of calmness and clarity which gave me enough patience and strength to work on my own problems.  I don't expect drugs to fix my depression, I do expect the drug to help me help myself, which it did.
123: SERTRALINE HELPED A LITTLE BIT WITH MY OBSESSIVE COMPULSIVE DISORDER BUT DID MAKE ME VERY SLEEPY AND THIRSTY.
124: Able to sleep at night and quit dwelling on the situation.
125: iam very hard to get along with and have up  and down spells. i now like myself.
126: For the past nine years I have been a complete germophobe, resulting in worsening anxieties and obsessive complusive behavior. I would have periods where it would get slightly better and then I would slip into bad periods again. This fear and behavior was severely crippling my ability to live a normal life.   Then finally after the most extreme episode I had ever gone through, and much prayer, I asked my doctor about medication to help me. She recommended Zoloft/ Sertraline to help me get past that initail attack of anxiety when I would encounter something that triggered my fear. It did not completely relieve me of all symptoms but made it possible to more rationally think about what happened and not become overwhelmed by the emotional reaction.   I have taken this medication for the past six months and I would not say I am completely cured, but I have seen dramatic improvements in behavior, habits, and anxiety levels. Since dealing with this condition I have never had this level of comfortability and control.   I started out taking 25 mg a day of this medication, and my doctor slowly increased it after several visits to 200 mg a day. On my own, as I have experienced improvements, I have slowly decreased my daily dosage to 150 mg, then to 100 mg, and I am now taking 50 mg a day and still doing well. The goal of my doctor was to get me to point where my initial reactions were controlled and then wean me off of it. In my case I knew I would not be on it for the rest of my life or even a few years.   I am grateful for how this has helped me but I also know that God was and is working in my life and that he works in the ordinary things of life like doctors and medicine. To him be the glory
127: side effects are dry mouth and low sex drive
128: Side affects were difficult first week - but decreased throughout the first month and now have nearly all gone away after taking for seven weeks.  Recently I started to feel not just less anxious, but good.  I feel good and I realized I forgot what it was like to not be worried constantly.  I am relaxed and happy...and so grateful to have finally tried a medication after resisting it for so many years.
129: Made me worse rather then better I just was constantly sick head wouldn't stop over thinking palpations
130: Sertraline has been a life saver for me. I have been on it for about 2 months now. It took about 1 month to feel the full effects. I take a very small dosage (25mg) and it really takes the edge off my anxiety and depression, just makes me happier and calmer overall and more social, productive, creative. The side effects have pretty much gone away. At first, I noticed a lot of yawning and for about 5 weeks it was very difficult to have an orgasm, but that went away and now my sex life is humming along again, and I actually think I feel more desire because I'm less anxious/depressed. Highly recommend, and try to stick with it for at least 6 weeks - the side effects will get better
131: I truly feel like I handle my stress so much better on this medicine. No side effects for me, it's great.
132: This is a very effective medicine.  It has helped me in the following ways: [1] to sleep soundly; [2] to reduce my racing mind so I can focus on tasks; [3] to lessen my fearfulness in social situations; [4] therefore, improving my relationships with family & friends.
133: I gained weight right from the start. It has calmed me down to a nice smooth pace, almost to mellow, but it has also done wonders to our love life. If you are premature male this is the answer you have been looking for.
134: I can't explain in brief. I can say only for this, I can't live without the same (sertraline)
135: I have taken this for 15 years, The things that I used to care about no longer worry me.     no sexual side effects, i recommend this for people who want to take the edge off!      Side effect: on missing a dose i feel my head is whooshing sound and it makes me a little lightheaded. so i don't miss doses if i can help it.
136: Only thing I have found, it has disturbed my sleep.  Maybe I should take it at a different time of day and not at bedtime???
137: I am a 33y/o female. Was diagnosed w Multiple Sclerosis 3 years ago. I'm so depressed and anxious, I often daydream about suicide. I usually struggle to get a good sleep because of racing thoughts. This is the end of my first week on 25mg sertraline and so far so good. Haven't noticed much of a change throughout the day, when I take before bed it takes 30mins and I feel relaxed and sleepy which I LOVE. Look forward to taking my pill and going to sleep at night, I really hope this symptom doesn't go away because without sleep I feel like I am going insane and the depressive thoughts are heightened. I have noticed the burning in my throat after taking so I will be sure to drink more water tonight. Wish time would tick faster so I can swallow this pill tonight. I sleep right through the night until my alarm goes off which is life changing for me. Apart from the lovely feeling of sleepiness I have no other symptoms. I think I should have been on sertraline 3 years ago when I had the devastating diagnosis which resulted in me grieving for my health. I am hoping for nothing but the best as I deserve to be happy as much as anyone else.Read More Read Less
138: I'm having OCD and I can say this medication saved my life. Since I was a child I was struggling a lot and was taking Citalopram for years beforehand but 2 years on Sertraline just saved me. It makes you a bit emotionless, you can feel joy less but it also doesn't make you feel the debilitating depression and anxiety. You can get anxious and have intrusive thoughts but they are not nearly as sticky as they were before taking it.
139: I have been a "highly funtioning" depressed person for many years: life of the party, witty, intelligent, charming, intelligent conversationalist, highly successful at the top of the food chain in my field,  ...until I got home. Work was an escape from myself for me. If I had no weekend functions to attend I would be catatonic, only getting out of bed to use the bathroom.  I had always felt like an outsider, looking in on life, trying to imitate what everyone else was doing, but never getting it quite right and others sensing that I was a fake.    I retired in Jan '17. Not having work as an escape anymore, in Dec my depression got again very bad. I talked to my girlfriend and she recommended sertraline as it has helped her. On 5 Jan, I saw the doctor, she prescribed 25mg as a started dose for 8 days, then 50mg, with a follow up 6 weeks later to see if the dose would need to be increased.  I experienced loose stools, wake/sleep cycle issues, decreased appetite, jaw tightness and jittery feeling initially. I experimented with taking my dose at night because it seemed that immediately after taking it, I had to go back to sleep. Taking it at night then kept me up. So I went back to taking it in the morning, as I figured it was a matter of me getting used to the med.  It has only been 2 weeks, but it seems like a lifetime ago.  The anxiety subsided first, then my depression. I no longer think of the smallest thing as the greatest catastrophe, my thoughts are no longer chasing around in my head like a bunch of squirrels and I am off the emotional roller coaster.  Thoughts from my past no longer send me into apoplexy.   I no longer feel like a walking dead person-dead on the inside, waiting for physical death to catch up with me. No not suicidal-many years ago I came to the realization that I can only live once for a limited amount of time, but death is forever. Also, as long as I was alive, I always had a choice, but once I was dead, there was no coming back.Read More Read Less
140: My husband had very bad depression, with much bad temperedness and no patience, hell to live with. After taking it so far he is much nicer to live with.
141: The medicine was given as a nerve pill. I ened up getting very aggrevated nd hostile with it.
142: I consumed Sertraline with Fluvoxamine and Trifluoperazine, one of each for 3 days. At first, I could feel some pain in my neck but since I had a cold at the same time, I thought the pain was somehow related. My pain gradually increased and on the third night, turned into dystonia (one of Extrapyramidal symptoms -sustained or repetitive muscle contractions result in twisting and repetitive movements or abnormal fixed postures). Now that I recall this experience, I feel extremely frightened and petrified, buy at that very moment, I couldn't feel anything and had no control over the crazy movements of my neck backwards and muscles near my brows and on my cheek. I somehow managed to wake my parents up at 1 A.M. and they were panicked to see me like that. I kept saying "help me" but literally had no control. I was lucky enough to be treated with benzatropine through intramuscular injection and after five to ten minutes everything had gone back to normal. I don't really know what could've happend if I hadn't received the medication. Would it last forever? Would it cost my parents quite a fortune to cure? All I know is that I'm never ever ever going to trust my psychiatrist or any other and I totally believe that medication is not worth the side effects and it definitely wouldn't cure your original disease. It would only suppress the symptoms. However, therapy may help you much more significantly. I don't think I'm going to take any kind of special medication in the future, because I will remember the trauma and the pain. Even when I'm writing this my fingers are shaky and I don't even know why. I think this experience has somehow treated my OCD nevertheless, because I'm inspired to slowly but surely work on my symptoms and never go to any kind of doctor's in the foreseeable future.Read More Read Less
143: Took these pills for 2 days. Only 10mg. Felt weird so stopped right away. 3 weeks later I have worst anxiety of my life, canâ??t sleep, canâ??t work, canâ??t focus. Most scary thing on earth. Iâ??m almost certain theyâ??ve ruined my life. I had bad anxiety before but able to live normal happy life. I hope I save someone who reads this. Small things everyday things are now a challenge. I failed to do my research now just another statistic to the many others destroyed by this. If you are at all hesitant to try medication do not risk it
144: I originally began taking this medication for PTSS.  It effectively erased most negative symptoms within the first 2 months.  I have also had disthymia (low-grade generalized depression) for years and I continued to take this medication because it had great benefits to my mood.  My sex DRIVE is fine, but my actually ability to "finish" has greatly decreased.  But my husband and I agree that the benefits are worth that to us.
145: I’ve had panics attacks and anxiety since I was 14 (I’m now 23) I would get so anxious I would be vomiting almost every time I socialised. I tried propanalol and online cbt and nothing seemed to work. Doctor recommended sertraline November 2021 and I waited to take it until January 2022 because I was so scared from all the horror stories online. I now take 50mg every day and it’s the best thing I’ve ever done. When I first took it I felt slightly out of it for a couple weeks and a bit twitchy but nothing bad at all. I no longer have panic attacks/vomiting from anxiety and I rarely get anxious at all. It is amazing. I don’t have any side affects from it. When I first took it I would get drunk very easily but now I’ve been on it for 4 months my tolerance is much better again. I couldn’t recommend it enough. I read so many negative reviews and was terrified but it’s been amazing for me Read More Read Less
146: Quite satisfied with the drug to deal with depression over divorce.  On for 24 months now. No side effects except delayed orgasm.  Not complaining about that one, neither is my girlfriend.  :)
147: I have been taking this medicine for four months now. I am taking it to treat my depression and panic attacks, which I started having when  was 13 years old, after trying to cope with my anxiety with "mind over matter" after 6 years I was tried. I began this medicine after horrible depression that lasted longer than normal. Being 18 and on anti- depressants was a little frightening at first, but I am extremely happy with my decision to get on them. I'm actually kinda of disappointed I didn't start them sooner. I have a few side effects: nausea, and loss of appetite, but totally worth it! I recommend this for anyone who is qualified and sick of constantly struggling to cope with the disorders. I hope it works for you as well as it did for me!!!!Read More Read Less
148: very out going now
149: I started taking this for anxiety. I only took it for two days and called my doctor and was told to stop. I could not sleep when I took this medication. The first day that I stopped taking it I slept fine. Also, I was really scatter brained while taking it.
150: I've been taking sertraline for about two months now and it is Great.  I'm happier, I'm doing better in school, and I'm more connected with my family.  The only problem is that recently I've been having some serious insomnia and my toes and fingers twitch a lot.  I'm pretty sure this is only because it could be too high of a dosage though and I'm too worried.  Usually side effects like thoose don't last long and my doctor is always there. Overall this is a good drug. Though like any other drug, there is really not much of a grey area.  It either works for you or it doesn't.Read More Read Less
151: I feel upbeat and not as if everybody dislikes me. zoloft worked for me. I wanted to lose weight and I have lost 17 lbs since taking this drug.
152: I am tired and my thyroid is underactive, and lowered again, taking more levothyroxidine.
153: If you don't like to achieve orgasm or wait 30 minutes to. This is for you.     Severe suicidal thoughts when pushed up to 200mg.
154: Iv always battled with anxiety and depression. Anxiety so bad I couldn’t think straight I couldn’t function I would talk super fast eat fast never sit down my brain was always running around and nothing could ever slow it down it would give me panic attacks my depression was always also so bad I would cry daily and hide it from anyone my childhood trauma wouldn’t let me just breath everyday waking up was sad for me because it would be another day of anxiety and depression I didn’t wanna live that way anymore thoughts of taking my life was what I thought could end the feeling or pure pain until I started this medication it changed my life I’m no longer sad my anxiety it completely under control I can sit down and watch a tv show I no longer have panic attacks from my anxiety I’m happy I wake up feeling positive I can finally enjoy my life I’m truly grateful for this medication
155: No depression, but took 25 mg daily for premature ejaculation. Worked very effectively for several weeks, decreased sensitivity which made it harder to stay erect. I decreased dosage to half pill 12.5mg daily and it was a better balance of feeling and delay.
156: Missing of period
157: Im feeling numb. Little things dont bother me like they use too.
158: I was prescribe prescription Zoloft after being diagnosed with social anxiety, and depression while I was in the hospital for psychiatric reasons. When I got home, my insurance only covered generic sertraline. I must say, it is not as nearly as effective as zoloft. Also, the side effects are nearly unbearable somedays. Headaches where it hurts to move my eyes, and drowsiness beyond belief. Somedays it works and some days it does not. I can say with certianty though I still have panic attacks and depression while taking it.Read More Read Less
159: My sex drive is still on off and lately I'm not sure how well it works but that is because of things I'm going through.
160: Before it i am using Amiton but it is gud .
161: My wife calls these
Anti Divorce drugs
Thet work for me
162: I have taken almost every medication but  due to my severe Epilesy and Brain Injury  I have to be careful.            Sincerely,             Kelly M. Thompson
163: This medication allows me to cope with a very busy schedule and concentrate on getting everything done with a good disposition.  I don't just worry about everything getting nothing done like I used to. This med has been a life saver to me and is the only med I have ever taken. I often wonder how easier life would have been for the past 20 years had a physician prescribe this to me.
164: Sertraline has changed me a lot. It has given me abilities I never thought I'd be able to achieve. It helped me manage my life and be a normal person in the society again. But the down side is it loses effectiveness at times...it's like it's been lost somewhere in my stomach, therefore never absorbed into my system... that's how I feel when it doesn't help my mental condition.
165: Zoloft works no doubt ,my anxiety and anger are minimized now ;although weight gain is inevatible because of weird cravings and becoming lazy due to metabolism slowdown.
166: The first week was rough, but I noticed a positive change in my relationships as well as not nice physical side effects. All seemed very good after 3 weeks. Depression lifted. Feel v grateful. Now realise how depressed I’ve been.
167: Works awesome for ptsd and depression. Don't get off of it once you start taking it. Will make your symptoms a lot worse.
168: I have taken Zoloft for years.  While on this drug I gained about 20-25 pounds.  Since I have been taking the generic form (Sertraline) over the past 3-4 months I have lost about 20 pounds.
169: This is the second time I have been on this medication and both times now I have exprenced severe mood swings once I started it.
170: I'm on only my 4th day with Sertraline, 50mg, Aurobindo branded. My first prescription and my first attempt at beating this. They helped me immediately within 30 minutes of taking my first.  My outlook and spirit has lifted hugely.  I feel less fear to think about and talk about my problems and begin beating them. I have some intermittent shaky vision from them, but not so much it's a concern. Also my appetite is strange. I'm getting hungry, but quickly feel full during a meal. I take one tablet daily and the effects are lasting long enough to get me to the next tablet without any problem. I have a 28 day prescription with counselling to begin very soon.  I will update if anything changes.Read More Read Less
171: Does this medication make u itch all over? this medication helps me, but sometimes i forget to take it because i have to take a thyroid pill to and i can't take anything else until a half our after that.
172: I identify as gender-fluid and am a person of color. I have severe depression, anxiety, ptsd, DID, and ADHD. Sertraline has definitely been effective for me in balancing out my moods. I was taking the highest dose for about two years along with Buspirone. I stopped for awhile and went down hill, emotionally. I am now getting back onto a smaller dose of sertraline 50mg daily, which I know is a good start. The only negative is I’ve dealt with constipation a lot throughout my life, however, I did not have worrisome gastrointestinal issues or anal fissures until recently; which I feel was brought on due to my age and the medication. My daughter, however, also started on sertraline and now also has an anal fissure that won’t heal and stomach issues. She is 12 years old. I think that although sertraline does have positive effects, if you are of color, I would be careful as this medication can speed up gastrointestinal issues and or inflammation in the anus and stomach area. Thank you for reading.Read More Read Less
173: I have been using this medication for over  what seems to be a long time. side effects have made my married life horrible. intimacy is out the window. Morning diahrea is a constant and the lack of energy is severe. the help with my military PTSD helps some...the ease of  taking it was good, but I haven't a clue if I should take it at night or at daybreak...as the side effects are the same in either way.
174: I started sertraline a couple years ago after a particularly stressful time in my life, bought a house that needed a huge amount of work, started having panic attacks etc anxiety was out of control. 

Started sertraline and had stomach upset, lots of bubbling, loose bowels. Always found  taking a tablet with a big meal helped. Quite mild effects compared to others. I also notice weight loss when I take sertraline.

The side effects were jaw clenching, feeling a bit numb, crazy vivid dreams, lots of unpleasant dreams. 

Sertraline has definitely helped me cope with stress much better, I’m not overwhelmed anymore. I’m definitely happier for it. Would recommend.Read More Read Less
175: I wrote a tribute to this medication already, but I put it under the brand name for the drug, Zoloft.  It is actually this generic Sertraline that I take, though, so I just wanted to chime in here, too.  Thanks to Sertraline, my obsessive thoughts have stopped plaguing me.  Before, it was as if my thoughts were a swarm of bees around me;  I was unable to make them go away, but they never stung me, just hung around threatening all the time.  They caused me great anxiety, and sometimes full blown panic attacks.  Now, the bees are more like gnats, and I can simply wave them away, or walk to a place where they aren't hanging around.  I feel great.  No bad side effects.  I sleep well, and my mind is more clear during the day.  And best of all, no great disturbing fear or anxiety looming over me constantly.  I am very thankful for this medication.  I take 50mg, at night.Read More Read Less
176: Not for the long term , doctors etc should provide better ways forward coming off.
dreadful environmental interactions and dreadful side effects if you miss. 
I should of done more steps to work at well being before jumping the gun with this. Especially once routines and behavioural patterns are locked in 
it becomes very hard to brake any kind of mould once it is locked in place because you know how bad the side effects can be stepping the dose down or missing them - So it has you trapped and cornered so to speak. 

There should be better funded clinics available. 
In my honest opinion , SSRi should only be prescribed as part of a working program of no more than 6months , once mind and brain path ways rebalanced and remapped the same program should then help you to come off them, whilst providing various activities and types of service to the community (community service shouldn’t just be there for criminals but for those with serious depressive disorders) 

I’m now in the process of coming off SSRI’s one day at a time , I should of done this years ago. 
All in all they’ve offered me very little benefit whilst making companies a hell of a lot of money. 

Only have myself to blame. 
The cycle ends now. 




Read More Read Less
177: I experience positive results.
178: Overall, this medication is good.  My doctor just upped my dosage.  The only side effect not listed for this medication that I have experienced is a change in my monthly cycle.  It went from 28 days to 31 days.  Apparently, this has happened to others as well and is not anything to be concerned about so that is good.
179: It seems I can no longer take ANY SSRI's. Sertraline was the last one. My mood improved for a few weeks, likely the Hope that I would feel better. Along about week 8 I became Homicidal, Suicidal and I started Stealing. I have Never in my life been one to shoplift, this drug gave me a "who cares" attitude. I'm off of it now. I've taken 15 different SSRI's over the years. Turns out they can and DO have opposite Negative effect of what they are used for.  Volumes of data/studies to support the dangers of these drugs, especially in those of us where they are Non Effective. I attempted suicide in 2003 while on Prozac.  Now I am trying diet, exercise and meditation. What choice is left?Read More Read Less
180: Have been on this medication for 5 weeks to treat social anxiety and panic attacks.  I sort of had a placebo effect when i first started treatment that made me feel less anxious, however my doctor said this was not common.  I think just the thought of starting treatment made me feel better.  My anxiety has definately decreased and no panic attacks since starting.  I am just worried of becoming dependant on this drug after my treatment is complete. Whats with the ED and no ejaculating?? Some info on this would be great.Read More Read Less
181: A few weeks after I had my son i went through postpartum depression. At first i was scared to take an anti depression cuz i heard so many negative things about them. My depression worsened,so i went to my family doc and he prescribed me 50ml of sertaline, about 3 weeks into takin the medication, my anxiety increased. I went back to him and he uped my dosage to 100mg. Since then i been feeling alot better. I been on it for about 8 months now, and im going to try and wean off it sometime soon. I didnt really notice any side affects from this drug. I guess i got luckyRead More Read Less
182: I started taking this, drug again about two weeks ago.  "Backup six years ago and I was taking this drug and I was having all kinds odd side effects: insomnia, having thoughts of suicide, panic attacks(which I have without this drug but are more severe with this drug)", anxiety, restless legs,arms and top of my back. I have an appt w/DR in 10 days, but if nothing changes in next couple days I will stop taking and contact my DR. As soon as I started getting restless and panic attacks were worst, I remembered feeling all of this before and that is why I am concerned. I am so tired of feeling like a shadow of who I used to be and I don't like it at all. This Med has about the same effect on me as muscle elaxers; Instead of helping me I am one of thode rare people that has the reverce effect on me. Instead of decreasing or stopping my severe restless legs, this drug Increased the restlessness in my legs and had me up from my hospital bed from about 1am to 6am walking the hall up and down for this time period because when I stopped the restlessness was too severe. Final Note:I also am my husband's caregiver and have been for 5 years. He has severe brain damage because he died twice and lack of oxygen and blood to his brain caused the damage.Read More Read Less
183: I am also taking other medications including; lamictal, Klonopin, Wellbutrin. I started taking sertraline approximately 2 months ago. I have noticed numbness in my body. The other reaction i've had is a decreased sex drive. I went from achieving orgasm 3 times an encounter to not once. I will be taken off this medication due to these side effects.
184: I was told that one of the symptoms of taking sertraline, is lower back pain. is that true?
185: I took sertraline (Zoloft) for just over one year. This was one of the worst medications I've ever taken so far. It didn't help out with my anxiety one bit. Wouldn't recommend this medication to anyone!
186: I perhaps haven't given this chance to work as I've only been on these for two weeks, and my doctor did say the first week could actually make my anxiety worse. So I was told to take half a 50mg tablet for the first week. Well dear God the first week I was so ill, I felt sick. I feel like I'm not on the planet and so tired. So I took it at night because of driving. Then i didn't sleep too well and got headaches. The second week I still felt sick and hadn't eaten much apart from dry crackers but then had diarrhea. I felt very shaky and had to lie down alot. I also feel very depressed. I did phone my doctor because the thought I keep taking these tablets and feeling so awful which was impacting on my daily life just wasn't an option. I was told it can take 2 weeks plus for your body to get use to it, but I'm so tired of feeling lousy, that I've gone back to half a tablet. I might change to a different brand and see how they work. I understand that this drug works wonders for some people but I think I was unlucky and i got every side effect that you can get with this drug. I'm hoping that I will feel better soon because this anxiety is disabling me to live my life .Read More Read Less
187: constant nerveious and trouble sleeping
188: I have been taking sertraline on and off for over 10 years for anxiety and depression and it has worked great for me and I had no side effects except constipation.  But I have issues with that anyway so I do not know for sure if sertraline is the cause.  Please do not get discouraged if this drug is not working for you.  Everyone's body reacts differently.  There are lots of other medications to try.  A healty diet will also help with depression and anxiety.
189: Started at.25 then .5 then.75 then1back to.75 and now at .5 and realize that's where it need to be and fell better then I have in a long time and no side effects except slightly less sex drive and it takes longer to ejackulate witch is a pro and a con I suppose
190: I tried 3 other anti-depressant drugs prior to this one, none of them worked for me, 1 made me feel too tired, 1 made me throw-up instantly, 1 made me feel totally out of it. I've taken this med for many years now it has made all the difference & I've had no problem side effects. I know it's difficult but don't give up even if several antidepressants haven't worked you must keep trying till you find 1 that works for you, once you do it will make a world of difference in how you feel.
191: the decreased sex drive has been horrible
192: Zoloft treats my depression ans anxiety very well.  I'd like to know if any other females on this drug have experienced hair thinning.
193: As A BPD patient, it is difficult to find meds that really work. Zoloft is a God sent. I've been on it for over a year now and it has been a great ride so far. When I do forget to take it, I notice right away, but I've learned how to control myself for a day, until I can continue my treatment. My sex drive is way down, but a sacrifice I'm willing to make for my mental health.
194: I'm currently on 200mg a day and while I feel it may have helped me in the beginning just a bit, I still feel close to the same I did 6 months ago when I finally got on govt assisted health insurance when I finally decided to try to get some help. I suffer from Charcot Marie-Tooth (CMT) which is a degenerative nerve disorder. I'd say I had a great childhood and teen group growing up since it didn't really become an issue until I was about 14-15 when I was diagnosed. The issues really started to affect my life in my early 20's where I began struggling with things I was once able to do and my fingers were clawing up into my palms. I always tried to have a positive attitude about the situation and reminded myself I have it a lot better than other people, but I began to feel like I would become a burden to people later on in life when it get's to the point I have trouble walking (which is what I'm experiencing now). I subconsciously began separating myself from friend group functions and I've never been in a relationship longer than 6 months because CMT is hereditary and most girls are wanting to find someone that can protect, support, and have kids with. I don't want my kids or grandkids to go through what I have so I'd have to find someone very particular and since I've been unemployed for almost a year now and don't have much to do, the depression has gotten to the worst I've ever had it. I think sertraline is a great start for doctors to go with, but if you are having some severe depression you may need to try something else. I have been on sertraline for about 6 months and just started welbutrin and will switch from the sertraline to lexapro. So, my full daily intake will be 62mg of methadone (opiates were what allowed me to somehow work two jobs for 5-6 years in my twenties but with tolerance growth/ cost of pills/ withdrawal symptoms I decided to get into treatment) (The highest I went was 84mg, then went down to 70mg and am now down to 62mg, I'd like to get off it so I can see how my body feels by only taking doctor prescribed prescriptions), 400mg gabapentin x3/per day, cyclobenzaprine (flexiril) 10mg x3/day, 200mg Sertraline (zoloft) once a day, and now Bupropion HCL (Welbutrin) 150mg once a day. Sorry for the novella, but this could also be a reason the sertraline just didn't do the trick for me, but could see it working for someone suffering from just slight depression instead of in my case I'm struggling now and if it's only going to get worse what's the point in trying if you are suffering.Read More Read Less
195: I have an Inner ear problem that effects my balance an loss of cognitive skills. This Med has me back to reading, walking an trying to learn.
196: drug works good for panic attacks, but makes me very sensitive to sun
197: I have tried other medications and they all fluctuated my moods, but this seems to keep me on a even keel most of the time. I have a little trouble controlling my moods during my periods, but then that's when my hormones are all screwed up anyway.
198: I have been taking this medication for about 6 weeks now and I feel better than I have in a long time. It takes awhile  before you see the full results but its worth sticking with. Ive been spending more time socializing with friends and family and seeing the brighter side of things.
199: I was on this medication for a week. First few days I felt fine. Then started to have bruising on my thighs, belly and boobs went straight to the hospital and was told to stop the medication. The bruising is a very very rare side effect even the pharmacist and dr never heard of it. It’s apparently on the last page of the side effects booklet. I had to have two  blood tests to check my blood platelets so make sure everything went back to normal.
200: I have cronic anxiety and depression. I use to worry constantly. It doesn't make the problems go away...just makes it easier to deal with. Things seem go roll off your shoulder easier. It doesn't make me deal weird or buzzed which is nice. I like being in control .
201: I have been taking the medication for a week and a half now for anxiety and depression. I feel much better than I did 2 weeks ago. I can actually leave my house now! I do have some minor side effects..trouble sleeping, loss of appetite, and diarrea. I am not completely better yet, but I am being told by my doctor it will get better each day.   I also have great faith in the Lord to help me with my healing!
202: I started taking the generic brand of zoloft 1 1/2 weeks ago do to panic disorder that took over my life. A year ago I lost my mother to cancer and just started having panic attacks which led to Agoraphobia. I was perscribed 50mg but had a ton of side effects so I started taking 25mg and 1/2 a .5mg of xanax. And I have to say Today was the first day I was able to get out of my house and walk through a store without feeling a panic attack coming on. So over all I have to say Zoloft has helped me. If after 1 1/2 weeks of taking it what is it going to be like after a couple months? I honestly feel like a whole new person. It is a great feeling being able to do things that I couldn't do. Just stick with the med yes the side effects suck but they do pass. Its well worth it! good luck to youRead More Read Less
203: Taken 2 100 mg tabs for 4 years now.  Helps with PTSD great and worked on depression as well until now.  I think I'll have to take Wellbutrin for the depression but will ALWAYS take Sertraline because it WORKS.  No medication out there is like it.  Trust me.  I've had PTSD for most of my life and its the first time I feel "normal."
204: Very effective. I had lived with premature ejaculation for about 15 years. Started taking this medication and within 2 weeks, my condition has changed. I have mature ejaculation now. My love life is awesome.
205: At first I didn’t know if it was working or only a placebo effect. But it would be good for like a day or two then go back to how it was… now I’ve been on 100mg for a month now and I’ve noticed a change! I used to have all the possible emotions in a day and the extremes too! I used to want to kill myself everyday. Now my emotions are wayyyy better. I don’t have a rollercoaster of emotions everyday. I don’t want to kill myself everyday now it’s fun. I really appreciate the help it gave me so I can work on what is actually going on inside and work through my traumaRead More Read Less
206: My experience with sertraline is very positive, I was taking Prozac before which turned me into a robot. Not so with sertraline, it took about 3 weeks to start making a difference(150mg a day)but the result is profound.  I noticed when lowering the dose it causes dizziness and chaotic thought patters and when I have any alcohol at all I have no memory whatsoever from during having a drink.  And I get hit by an overwhelming depression afterwards so I stopped drinking alcohol altogether.  Sertraline changed my life around 180' from being suicidal to be able to have a successful career.  As mentioned in other review it does effect sex drive but to me it is a side effect I can live with taking in account the benefit it provides.Read More Read Less
207: Developed bruxism (grinding of the teeth). How common is it as a side effect of sertraline?
208: I originally started taking this for the anxiety part of my depression.  Worked great, and greatly eased my symptoms.  However, my sex drive went to a stand-still.  That was the only side-effect that I got from the drug. I am no longer on it, and it was an easy drug to wean off of.
209: I started taking 50mg of this drug due to panic attacks and have since been upped to 100mg.  The side effects are annoying but I do not have to constantly take xanax anymore.  I still take half a xanax occasionally, maybe once every couple months so i would say that is an improvement.  However, I really do not want to be on a drug for the rest of my life, but absolutely know I will have to be.  I have tried to come off of this medication and after missing just 1 pill I am completely dizzy to the point of not being able to function and feel like I am in a fog with terrible headaches.  I absolutely HATE that this drug controls me so, and would NOT recommend anyone start taking it in the first place.  Plus, I have side effects such as headaches, low sex drive and a long list of other health problems that may or may not be related.  I am also worried that I will never be able to have kids because I will never be off this med.  Even tapering down does not work.  Please don't take this drug unless you absolutely have to.Read More Read Less
210: I have been on all kinds of medications for my conditions. It works for PSS but it isn't so good for my anxiety. Have another drug for that but Sertraline works on my depression.
211: I have taken Celexa for 2 years and changed to Sertaline 3 weeks ago. It seems to give me more energy and I feel a lot better! No side effects for me. I take it in the morning.
212: I’m alive today because I take sertraline simple.
213: This stopped my nightly nightmares immediatly.  I am able to better interact with others.  Has worked great for me.  My wife thinks it is responsible for my reduced sex drive.
214: Hasn’t worked for me at all. I constantly fear my surroundings and it has caused suicidal thoughts. Makes my head feel dense and heavy.
215: I’ve taken this for 2 months, and have to say my anxious thoughts feel a lot less real and don’t affect me as much. I feel like I want to get out of bed in the morning and like I can make decisions and just sort of just get on with things, which I really couldn’t do before. Have to say, I’ve lost a lot of interest in sex, which does make me upset. I don’t feel like the same person in that area anymore. I also feel slightly emotionless, but because I’m doing more things/ not completely bogged down with anxiety, I think it’s worth it (for now, until I can afford therapy). It’s a tough one!Read More Read Less
216: I started taking Sertraline 25mg for anxiety and panic attacks. Couldn't even get past two days without having to drop it. I felt worse than I ever had before, I felt catatonic, dissociative, my anxiety got worse. For some reason this medication caused my chest cavity to get inflamed, throwing me into the ER at 3am thinking I was having a heart attack. 
I understand there's a period between starting the meds and the meds actually working but I could not see myself going through another two weeks of this. I had to stop taking it for my own sanity and health.
This is the only SSRI I have taken in my entire life that made me feel this way and you couldn't pay me to take this stuff again
217: I started taking the generic zoloft, it was a blue pill, now I had to change pharmacies, and they gave a yellow pill, both are the same mg, but I don't seem to get the same effect from the yellow one as the blue. What could be the difference or is just my imagination?
218: I use this med for my migraines.  It has helped a great deal.  I have tried every medication possible.  Many of my migraines are due to good stress/bad stress.    My only side affect is about a 10 lb weight gain.  Has anyone had this?  I think I am going to ask Dr. about an alternate.  Any suggestions???????????
219: Been on the medication for about 2-3 weeks and have noticed nothing but the side effects.  I have periods where I just start sweating.  I also had pretty sever headaches the first week, everyday.  Now, I only get one every few days. I have not really had any positive results from this medication.
220: I have been taking this medication for a little over 3 months. It dosen't seem to have helped me at all. I have lost alot of weight and i get frequent headaches, which never occured before i was on this drug. I am definitly going to change medications and try something else.
221: I feel like my old self again. It's only  been a month and I feel in control again. It's a life saver for me and my family. I can now cope with things normally and not hide away and worry obsessivly. It's amazing. I realize it's not for everyone, but I recommend to at least try it. The first week was tough, diahreah, jittery, anxious, but it got better and better everyday. Worth it!
222: been on the same dose for just over 2 yrs, since first dx with bp.  Not been major depressed for very long so it's worked somewhat.  Now upping it by half a tab.
223: My doctor put me on this drug about a year ago after a really bad breakup.  I hadn't realized how bad my anxiety had been until I started on it (I had my first panic attack at 15).  I felt guilty for taking "drugs" and stopped cold turkey after about 3 months.  My anxiety came back with a vengance even with exercise and meditation.  I decided to get back on it and have been on it ever since, still at 50 mg.  The only draw back for me is that it has made my blood pressure higher so I need to watch my diet and exercise.  Overall it has really helped me with my anxiety.Read More Read Less
224: Though apparently effective while using, the symptoms after the "weaning" process were terrible for me: throbbing head, mild dizziness, lassitude. If there's a next time, I'll deal with the depression non-medically.
225: This medicine was very stong and I could feel it working in my brain as I was diagnosed with severe depression. I attribute Zoloft with getting me out of the street as I went from teaching to being homeless due to a severe emotional breakdown.  I don't know where I would be without the Zoloft.  I do know, for a fact, Zoloft should not be given to children or teen-agers as they are TOO strong.  Zoloft should be give to adults only and by that I mean 30 yrs and up.
226: I take it for anxiety - I am a busy mom and it has been great for me. Takes the edge off.
227: I have been taking this medication for just over a month and have recently doubled my dose to 100mg daily b/c it wasn't previously helping. Starting the medication gave me hope, and continuing it helped me feel better more often and for longer periods of time. It hasn't, however, helped much with my obsessive-compulsive tendencies, but I will stay on it to see if it will soon help; either way, I am glad I am getting treatment and meds to help.
228: Ok, so I haven't been taking this for very long, but I'm thrilled. I'v been on it for 3weeks now and I was most worried about my sex drive dropping. It's actually increased and my orgasms are stronger! Not to mention that I'm feeling wonderful mentally! I'm not depressed or have the crazy anxiety! The minor side effects are no big deal like dry mouth, had a hard time sleeping a few nights, and sometimes I get very sleepy, but its getting better. I am only on this one med and a very low dose...25mg. Anyone else have better sex drive and orgasms??? is this normal? It's a god sent!Read More Read Less
229: Doctor gave it to me not sure if I want to try it
230: Old symptoms returned ,head aches,anxiety,mood swings,redness of eyes and pain in eye movement.I have severe glaucoma in both eyes. wondering if this drug should have been prescribed to me.
231: I started this medication in the fall on 25mg/day, when I had not been diagnosed by a psychiatrist.  It is now the spring and I have been diagnosed with social anxiety, dysphoria, and mild ptsd.  I am up to 200mg/day.  When I started I felt a bit high, but it was such a relief that the voice in my head that hates me turned off! I don't have any side effects now, other than heartburn if I don't drink enough water with the pills.  Therapy has helped so much too, but this medication is helping me feel comfortable on the subway, speaking or being silent when I want to, and at this point I'm smiling for no reason every day.  But I feel like myself, not numb or out of touch with reality.   Read More Read Less
232: I was put on this for depression & severe anxiety which has caused HORRIBLE sleep issues (sleeping 2-3hrs at a time, sometimes by 10am). I have been on this medication for 1wk so far but haven't started to experience anything improving. I'm still having trouble sleeping, I've been having random bad headaches, mood swings/crying episodes at night. Hoping this ends after a full 4wks. Don't know how I am going to function in 2wks with full time classes & work at night :-X
233: I have been on it for six months and it seems to be helping.The only complaint is,when sleeping I seem to have more vivid, and bizarre dreams.Im sure its caused by this medication.
234: I have been having panic attacks for years and I was put on wellbutrin, when I lost my insurance my doctor switched me to sertraline because it was cheaper, I have noticed that my stress level has gone down, sometimes out of no where I feel like crying though for no reason, and I have almost no sex drive at all. Beside for the sex drive going down I think that the medication is more effective than wellbutrine was
235: Taking one 100mg aday lets me be able to live a so called normal life eg; can go out without having a panic attack feel at ease not shakey and jittery
236: I was prescribed this medication to treat my depression and social anxiety. It's worked wonders for the anxiety. Interacting with others (even strangers!) is much more comfortable now. It helped my depression for the first year. But for the last few months I've been constantly sleepy, no energy whatsoever. I've been late to work often because I can't drag myself out of bed in the mornings. I don't want to give up on it because it's helping with my other problems. But maybe it works better when supplemented with another anti-depressant?Read More Read Less
237: very effctive
238: This medicine saved my life. I owe it to the world to come here and post a review. I want to kiss the creator of this medicine. lol! I hit rock bottom after a traumatic event. Lost my self. Hell to say the LEAST. I pleased to say I am back to work, and I love life. Thanks to the lord and this medicine. It takes three weeks to start working. Please stick out the side effects. For me the side effects were mild. Stomach ache, occasional diahreah (sorry if too much info). But I am actually happier than I was before my traumatic experience when I was normal. I have a new sense of self and empathy. Bless you all and TAKE it! This is an honest review from a truly grateful person. This combined with diet, exercise, CBT or EDMR counseling will really help. And mostly don't be too hard on yourself...be kind to you, treat yourself like the king or queen you are!! xo!Read More Read Less
239: Taking this depression medicine makes it very difficult to achieve orgasm.
240: I have been on this drug for 8 months-went off for awhile-but needed to start it again-it works for my depression very well.
241: I started at .25mg then to 50mg.  I was having stomach pain,dizzness,back pain and not able to enjoy sex or orgasm.
242: These meds have made me a better person overall, however i have gained a lot of weight and sometimes completely zone out for no real reason. They make me feel like im about to vomit every 5 minutes and i have had cases of diahorrea. Not pleasant.
243: I took 25 mg the first night and I could not fall asleep. The second night, I took two pills and still could not sleep. The third night, I took 3 pills and it had no effect at all. I stopped taking this prescription.
I told my doctor, I have trouble sleeping and why she prescribed sertraline that treats depression, I do not understand. After reading some of the bad reviews, I would not take this medicine even if she increased the dose.
244: I started taking sertraline about a year and a half ago. For reference, I’m a registered nurse and I see a lot of stuff that is emotionally damaging. I absolutely love my career and know how to properly leave it at work now. Anyways, I am a very outgoing, loud, athletic 23 year old female and I used to wake up in the middle of the night with the most real and scary night mares you could imagine. They were actually panic attacks that I was on the verge of everyday that I was able to talk myself out of. Unfortunately once I fell asleep at night I couldn’t snap back to reality and this started happening more and more frequently to the point where I couldn’t sleep more than 2 hours without waking up in hysterics, vomiting from the panic. After speaking with my doctor I was put on 25mg daily, I felt kinda sick (nausea, sweating, diarrhea, increased anxiety, insomnia) and yes this was tough but I knew it was temporary. I combated that with gravol, melatonin, ice packs, you name it, I tried it. After a week I didn’t notice much of a change and my doctor and therapist chatted and increased my dose to 100mg. After about a week I noticed it working. I was sleeping better at night, not sweating all the time, not as short tempered as before. It’s now been a year and a half and yes my life is still very stressful but I don’t remember the last time I had a panic attack or nightmare.Read More Read Less
245: I have had anxiety most of my life but it got much worse along with panic attacks after having my kids and then going through menopause.  I started on Paxil and it worked but made me out of it and I gained a lot of weight.  I switched to Sertraline and have been on it for more that 6 years.  You need to give this drug a chance to work as it needs to build up in your system which can take up to 3 months.  The side effects will go away.  My life has improved immensely.  At one point I actually shut down and couldn't even talk to my kids.  This is an imbalance in the chemicals in your system so don't let anyone tell you it is a crutch.  You wouldn't think to tell a diabetic that needs insulin that they don't need it.  This is the same thing.  Also, if it is not working, go back to your doctor because their are lots of other options.  Good luck!Read More Read Less
246: My Wife was diagnosed with dementia 2+ years ago. Dr. switched depression medication from fluoxitine to sertraline. depression slightly less but anxiety & agitation improved considerably.
247: It seemed to work, but I also occasionaly had thoughts of suicide. I would never do it, but it ocaasionally crossed my mind in my thoughts.  I don't know if this was from the drug itself or because I was in a deep depression from my current divorce.  It's hard to say.
248: I have been on this medication previously for a couple of months and stopped because I was feeling better, this time around I am on the 50 mg. I immediately felt better in a week or so even though I had some mild nausia the first few days. I have noticed things are brighter and more optimistic so I definately feel like it has helped with my emotional breakdowns and I can actually laugh and enjoy more things now. As far as feeling lethargic it has helped me tremendously starting to take this med at bedtime as opposed to during the day. I still feel the benefits without the drowsiness while at work Read More Read Less
249: Iâ??ve been taking this medication for 7 years now and itâ??s honestly changed my life. Iâ??ve never tried anything else I take 50mg a day I did notice when the DR. tryâ??s moving up my dosage I become a walking zombie so I just like the 50mg. I can tell instantly when I miss a day and can everyone else around it. This medication is so crucial to my survival to my health and to everyone around me.
250: Out of the blue I started having a severe bout with panic and anxiety.  I was always irritable and moody and angry due to PTSD.  My primary care doc listened to what I was dealing with and suggested I try Sertraline 50mg.  She suggested I only take 1/2 a pill daily for two weeks.  I forgot about that part and took the whole pill first thing in the morning before work.  I felt drugged and out of it and tired.  As a result I stopped immediately.  However, I was still dealing with the elephant in the room - my edginess and anxiety and racing thoughts etc.  doctor reminded me to start with 1/2 of the dose and to take at night to absorb the sleepiness.  I tried again and I was having the following side effects:  diarrhea, zero libido (never had one anyway), waking up randomly every night, jaw clinching.  I think after 8weeks or so those started to subside mostly.  The jaw clinching was the most annoying part really.  The actual effect on my whole personality has been life changing.  My entire family has noticed big time and I’m much more calm and chill and everything isn’t driving me freaking mad!  I’m so grateful for something that actually works!  It is certainly a rough start and I know it’s not for everyone but if you can stick it out and it’s not making you feel suicidal and more depressed - give it a chance to settle.  Read More Read Less
251: over a long period of use, at first was effective now after a year of use...I have developed symptoms..such as dry cough, depression and irritability with people, side ache and upper abdomen pain, stabbing pains and back pain, headaches...Im stopping this stuff to half pill for a couple of days then completely off it. I feel tremendously sad that lab animals were put thru such pain to try out this drug.
252: Very naucious for days after starting- to the point i cannot keep anything down... headaches and dizziness as well
253: Prescribed for post natal depression & anxiety (had previously experienced several depressive episodes in the past & managed with short courses of SSRI’s).
Initially prescribed 50mg however currently on 200mg & feel vast improvement in my mood & general coping with stress & anxiety.
I would advise anyone prescribed that the initial few weeks are hard - increased anxiety, insomnia & jaw tightness. I was prescribed propanalol to help with this which was a god send. I was supplemented with a short course of mirtazapine to aid with sleep which I do NOT recommend!!
I now have minimal side effects, mood is good & relationship with my family is better than ever.Read More Read Less
254: Significantly reduced depression.  I no longer weep, for any reason.  This is a part of this mediaction that I do not like.  I don't even weep for joy or happiness, things very important to me.
255: Doesn't seem to relieve the depression.  All I asked the doctor for was a better sleep medication and she prescribes this.
256: Was given this drug by mistake, from the store. Had shortness of breath when trying to do any type of cardio work out.
257: i have been taking sertraline for a number of years but lately is seems that it is becoming less and less effective. i have been having some tough times loss of family, friends, financial and health problems and realizing that time is running short. i am wondering if it is the situation or the medication. i would like to change to something else but have not mentioned to doctor as of yet. trying to gather some info.
258: To reviewer 5/2/2017.  I had exactly those side effects you described from one particular brand.  It was Tillomed.  They set me back a long way.  My doctor gave me a new prescription so I could request a different brand.  I've found both Crescent Pharma and Aurobindo to be excellent brands, both in 50mg.  Some teeth clenching, and my sex drive is flat, but otherwise my physical and mental health is bright.  Now into my 5th month.  Have been told I'm being weaned off soon.  Fingers crossed.
259: Last year I had major anxiety and panic associated with intrusive thoughts and depressive symptoms. The doctor prescribed 50 mg of Sertraline. After the first 10 days, when I was first sleepy and then insomniac and discovered that I couldn't drink coffee anymore (otherwise, I had hand tremors), I have been great. I put on a bit of weight (7-8 kg), but I have always been borderline underweight, so it was not bad. I am now slowly tapering down as I feel, thanks to therapy, I now know how to manage. However, I could not have done it without sertraline.Read More Read Less
260: Using for Sertraline HCL for anxiety.  Used Zoloft in the past for depression.  It worked well but caused weight gain.  The low dose of Sertraline works wonders for me---this time it has caused weight loss, which I love!!!  I do experience occasional nausea, loose stool, decreased sex drive, but the positive outweighs that, by far.
261: I took sertraline (Zoloft) for about 2 months to treat anxiety/depression. The drug guide I have, because I am an RN, and my practitioner said I needed to take it for at least 3 weeks to a month to see the effects. After about 2 weeks, I started getting dizzy spells and felt lethargic. This came intermittently. After about a month I noticed the dizziness wasn't near as bad but I could not concentrate to anything to save my life. At the second month mark I decided to pull myself off because it was starting to effect my decision-making ability. It may have helped the depression a little, but not enough had I kept taking it. When I stopped taking it, I got really bad dizzy spells, withdrawals, and sometimes had to catch myself grabbing the walls or anything around to keep myself from falling, which came intermittently as well. This was just from taking it for two months. While I was withdrawing, I searched the internet and found others who had the exact same problems with the extreme dizziness. It took me another 3 weeks to stop having the dizzy spells. I would rather deal with the anxiety/depression than to take this medication again. Keep in mind though, this medication may work for some and not for others, but coming off the pill is hell. Not to mention the loss of libido is not a wanted action to the medication.Read More Read Less
262: I believe this prescription, although not perfect, has delivered a positive result. I have not experienced the severe side effects noted here...vivid dreams, loss of appetite to a certain degree, however nothing as severe as what I have read. I spoke with my physician and pharmacist just today and with research, have learned that often a secondary medication serves to compliment this (or whichever primary medication), one may be using. I also agree with several of the posts here re: the benefit of exercise, which has shown to produce significant physiological benefits. Bottom line ... don't give up! I am facing bankruptcy, among other challenges, and although we will all have good and bad days, there is never a good reason to harm oneself or others. I choose to stay positive, and hope you will too! Read More Read Less
263: Definitely helped with my anxiety
264: mood changes
265: I have struggled with anger and depression most of my life. I have tried different medications with various results. This medication (Sertraline) has been a life savor for me. I no longer get made at the drop of a hat and things don't bother me as much. Can I get mad? Sure, just like anyone but it is a very rair occasion. My wife and kids have seen a significant improvement with my mood. I feel "normal" now and like my life.
266: been on sertraline for two years now. up to 100mg for this med, now going to 50mg per my doctor. gained 30 pounds and i'm very tired all the time. will see if weight comes off, and i'm not so tired anymore. very dry mouth/throat. weird dreams. but takes away anxiety and depression. this does work for me. prescribed this after i had back surgery and experienced depression and severe anxiety.
267: I began taking a low dose of sertraline in 2011 after years and years with no treatment for my depression, anxiety, PTSD and panic. I thought I'd gotten better and stopped taking it (please, never do that) and got really worse. I am back on, now taking 100mg in the morning and 100mg at night and I feel much better again, like my old self. This medication has quite possible saved my life.
268: Dr. first started me on this medication to treat my PMDD (50mg). Worked for about 2 years, then became depressed all the time...upped the dose about a few weeks ago (100mg) Feeling alot better now. I can actually get out of bed now and don't scream at my kids so much :)
269: When I take this I no longer feel the need to flip out on my family. My husband says that when I sleep I wake him because I "twitch" alot at night. Im always tired but at least I am able to cope with day to day activities. It makes me more patient and calm. I was off of it for about 1 month and just recently went back on it. I did not like the anger spells.  I have been on this for over 5 years now. It works for me. The side effects I don't really care for, but if it means Im not gonna snap one day then amen!!Read More Read Less
270: Helps me talk to people easier
271: This stuff made me crazy.  I couldn't think straight, had blurred vision, and panic attacks, headaches, restlessness.  Make sure this is the right drug for you.  If not it is scary stuff.
272: Overall I'd say that sertraline worked for treating my depression and anxiety. Before, it was just about unbearable (poor mood, negative thoughts, etc etc). Now I don't dread waking up quite as much as before.
I had some bad side effects in the beginning, though. In the first week my anxiety shot through the roof. I was so scared and worried I basically couldn't sleep alone. Plus some headaches and nausea. That was probably the worst month of my life. However, each day it went away little by little. Now, about 12 weeks in, most of the side effects have subsided and all of the really bad side effects are gone.

I don't usually like leaving comments and reviews, but when I was at my lowest I read these reviews to give myself hope that things could get better. So I want you to know that things can get better, like they did for me. Sometimes you just need time.Read More Read Less
273: Never been on any meds...but after  the lost of my only daughter...this has  help me to cop .. Its only been 4 months...and my doctor started me on this a month ago...thank god ...i was loosing my mind...but now ..i can somewhat handle with my ...mood swings ..crying...and feeling guilty...without this is ..i might have ended up in the psych ward..
Again a month ..I'm doing better
274: I started taking Sertraline for my depression and chronic anxiety that had developed over the last two years. At first I had trouble with my sleep schedule, and lost about 10 pounds, but now I am eating fine and I have no problems with sleeping. My  depression/anxiety has definitely improved, but I wouldn't say I'm at my 100%. To be honest, I do sometimes have suicidal thoughts I did not have before, but the warning label DID say that people under 25 could experience them. I know that sounds like a huge reason NOT to take this antidepressant, but I just remind myself its the drug making me think that way and then I feel fine again. I do recommend this to anyone who has mild depression. For anyone with severe depression, you may want to try something with less "intense" side-effects.Read More Read Less
275: I was misdiagnosed 38 years ago...Doctors said I was suffering from depression. I was suffering from panic/anxiety disorder. I have been on Zoloft/Sertraline for 20 years now. I have good days and bad ones.... but everyone does in life. This has got to be one of the best meds for treating panic/anxiety disorder. I am a happier, healthier person today then I was 38 years ago. My only complaint is that insurance companies and doctors take it upon themselves to switch you to generics. There is a HUGE difference from taking Zoloft versus Sertraline. All Generic drugs are not as good! I am okay taking Sertraline but I do notice the difference. Taking the real Zoloft had much better results!Read More Read Less
276: This drug KILLED my sex drive!   WTF!  I would rather be drepressed!!   :-)
277: After taking, had a constant upset stomach.  Also had a sexual side effect where could maintain an erection, but could not ejaculate
278: After the first couple weeks of side effects, this medicine works very good! No more panic attacks, butterflies in my chest, or worrying. I take it at supper so I sleep good at night. Orgasm does take alot longer to achieve!
279: I was prescribed this medication to combat panic attacks and general anxiety associated with lifelong eating disorders/body dysmorphia. Over 10 months after starting the treatment, I gained 30 stubborn pounds that mostly sat around my abdomen and face. I run 60 miles a week, weight train 3 times a week, and eat a strict diet. By the time I made the connection between my weight gain and the drug I had already spent 10 months redeveloping bad eating disorder habits to try and control my weight. For the past 6 days I have ceased taking the drug cold (no weaning) under supervision of a NEW doctor. The withdrawal symptoms are unreal -- like having the flu PLUS a terrible hangover right after putting your head on a bat and spinning around and around and around and around. Positively speaking, all of the sleep issues, bad dreams, numbed sexual sensation, loss of emotion, fatigue/sluggishness I experienced while taking the med has almost completely reversed in less than a week. Seems pretty clear my body processed this drug as pure junk.  Read More Read Less
280: Started out 25mg. 3days, then Doctor increased my dose to 50mg. because I was depressed, suicidal, feeling like I was being zapped by electricity. No its been 1 week, still depressed, suicidal, zapping of electrical currents and very tired. This drug isn't for me, but when the Doctor insists you stay on it for 3-4 more weeks...its scarey to think "What is he thinking"? It takes a while to get into your system I understand. But I was better before this medicine. Anyone else taking this medicine, good luck and hope it works.  Read More Read Less
281: Very good marriage, no problems,lifelong depression but unrecognized                                       for many years.  Australian doctor recognized symptoms in the late 90"s since then I have been fine when he recommender Zolof. I take one tab daily. Wish I had know what was my problem as a child. I think it was congenital?
282: In November I started to struggle with crippling anxiety about past mistakes and mishaps, as well as making future mistakes. It became crippling. I tried sertraline to help deal with the daily fear, panic and anxiety which has led to depression - time of the year didn't help I don't think, either.

Started 50mg December 10th. Honestly made things worse. Felt more anxious, barely had appetite and lost my routine. Waiting to feel better just made my focus even more towards feeling anxious. 

I was lucky enough to go to New York for Christmas and this took my mind off of things and really helped. Thought I had turned a corner once I got back, but then it all crept back in again. 

Then around Jan 5th or 6th, the racing thoughts and catastophising became much much milder. Now coming up to six weeks I 85% my old self and am looking forward to CBT which will get me to 100% I am sure.

The medication is helping. Stick with it. It will likely be rough to start but as most reviews say, give it  at least  six to eight weeks. 

It's a good pain easer but talking to professionals is going to really nail the issue I believe. Life CAN get better, trust the process and work at it.Read More Read Less
283: I have never taken medication for anything, and was very apprehensive about this. Started with 50mg and does was upped to 100mg after a few months. I had severe anxiety w/ panic attacks. It was a nightmarish exhistence b/c it just started happening out of the blue. I thought I was going insane. Panic attacks were the worst b/c the addrenaline rush from them would keep me up/awake for 2-3 days time. This drug has saved my life.     I have been on it for almost a year, and have felt like my normal, energetic, positive self for about 8 months.     I am concerned, however, about pregnancy. I have always wanted children. Will have to discuss with doctor as I have read sertraline can cause problems w/ pregnancy and birth.Read More Read Less
284: Ever since I started sertraline, I have been very lethargic and apathetic. I'm a college student, and I basically feel numb. I hate it. I stopped going to class, and stopped completing my homework, it makes me want to sleep all the time, and I feel super withdrawn. I feel like I'm on the outside looking in and that I can't tell myself to wake up, every day is like going through the motions, and I don't truly enjoy anything anymore. I don't really look forward to anything, I basically stopped caring. And sex..... I pretty much don't care about it anymore, it's extremely difficult to orgasm, or to enjoy sex. I used to love sex. Very awful feeling.Read More Read Less
285: I have ptsd depression and anxiety when I first started taking made me tired but no longer does tried going up in dosage just upset my stomach so now I’m testing another drug to use at night for sleep
286: I've suffered from panic attacks since I was 11. There was a traumatic incident(s) that started it all. I suffered until I was 22. I began taking Paxil and felt much better but the problem was I had too much energy. After a couple years the doctor switched me to Sertraline. The change was unbearable so she included Klonopin which helped. The problem was she kept me on the Klonopin for years. I changed doctors because I became really ill and the doctor had no idea how to care for me. My new doctor wanted me to decrease the Klonopin and taper off completely. The withdrawal was horrific. But I took my sweet time and was able to stop. She said in for my diagnosis Sertraline alone should help with the attacks and Klonopin is as needed not an everyday thing. I have to tell you my life has changed for the better. The only issue I have is I may never have children because being off the meds is unthinkable. Its unfortunate but true. Either way what kind of mother would I be if I had attacks all the time? I wish I had seen a psych at a younger age, I may have gone to college sooner
287: Works for my depression, but I have insomnia. BAD. I know it's due to the zoloft because the insomnia started when I started the drug. Dr. prescribed trazodone to help me sleep and that works most of the time.
288: I was diagnosed with anxiety and depression when I was 16. I started taking the generic Zoloftabout three weeks ago. I am feeling much better, So far the only side affects I have had are: Difficulty concentrating, Decrease in appetite, and Homocidal dreams. The dreams are beginging to scare me, I am thinking about switching back to cymbalta. I have been having these dreams for about a week or so now.
289: This is the first and only medication I have ever been on in my life time. ( I have SEVERE anxiety/moderate depression ) I was prescribed 25 ml sertraline which unfortunately was not a positive experience for me personally. Each to their own, every human being is different and what works for you might/ might not work with someone else. My best advice is to not give up. If you have not found what works best for you keep trying until you do. You are not alone there are people in the same exact boat as you and it will get better. My negative side effects were daily diarrhea, severe nightmares, and restlessness. I stopped the medication made a doctors appointment & knowing what symptoms I had my doctor recommended for me to double my dose, which probably would have doubled my symptoms!! Needless to say I switched doctors and medications & I'm doing much better now! Trust your gut instinct and do your research, if you do not feel right with negative symptoms something is probably not right
290: i am taking this medicine and i beleive im allergic to it.
291: this is making my life much easier and a much happier place..  its defitnely helping me out in all ways!
292: I have noticed a difference in sadness and irritability, but also a PROFOUND lack of interest in sex. Coming from someone who was generally a 6x a week person now I have desire for only once or twice a week. Not a huge problem for me.. but my boyfriend is a little annoyed.
293: I would like to know the average dose people take?  I went from 50 to 100 to 150mg over the past three months.  I am finding it very  helpful for anxiety but am worried about taking too much.
294: this medicine has helped me with many issues. Within a couple weeks of taking it all the uses this medicine claims to treat it did and continues to help!
295: I was a mess crying easily and being so anxious that I would yell at my family all the time. I was not happy. Then I started this medication and in a few weeks I was feeling better. I could laugh at the things that would usually get me to cry or angry. side effects were headaches for the first few weeks, diarreah, sweating, and my labido decreased down hill and fell into the deep end. It takes me a long time to have an orgasm, sometimes none at all.
296: I was prescribed this medication for anxiety and social interaction problems.  I had been using St John's Wort for 2 years and it worked perfectly.  My Dr. wanted me to switch to this Rx so he could regulate it.  I immediately felt different (in a not good way) after starting the med.  By the time I had taken the sixth dose, I was calling the Dr. with symptoms of diarrhea, insomnia, upset stomach, mild zombie-like feeling. As the nurse was asking me questions, I passed out.  After about 5 minutes I began to come around.  About 20 minutes later (while the EMT's were with me, I passed out again and had to rushed to emergency room. Dr. called back and said to tell EMT's he said the medicine was the cause.  I stopped taking the sertraline and once it is out of my system, I will commence taking St. John's Wort again.  (If it ain't broken don't try to fix it.) Read More Read Less
297: I have no side effects other then night mares. probibly because I take mine at night before bed when my doc told me to take it in the morning.
298: Been taking this for about 3 months now. It's helped a lot with my major depression and anxiety, but oh my God, do not ever order tablets over 100mg. What are 200mg tablets made with for these insane prices, dinosaur blood? Woolly mammoth bones? Absolutely unreal.
299: I have been on sertraline for 6 weeks as of tomorrow. I was prescribed Sertraline for long-term social anxiety and depression (12 years). 

The first symptoms I experienced were big pupils and stomach upset (gurgling when I ate), morning diarrhoea and lack of appetite. I also had very vivid, realistic and sometimes unpleasant dreams. As much as this sounds horrible, it’s a sign the medication is building up in your system! 

At week 3 I had to take 2 weeks off work due to the increase in anxiety. My heart was racing at night, had insomnia etc. 

I definitely feel much better now. I can cope better with social situations, I’m not frozen in fear anymore. I cope much better in stressful situations and my thoughts are much more controlled ( I don’t catastrophicise my thoughts as much). 

Wish I started antidepressants years ago…but as part of the condition I was too scared to talk about it! Push past the side effects, it is worth it.Read More Read Less
300: I feel I've got nervous tummy and feel like am signs some off the time
301: Started off at 50 mg but was completely ineffective. Kept upping my dose to 150 mg. Mood is more stable but depression is still present. I have been on it for 8 months and have had problems sleeping and have experienced inability to get an erection.
302: no problems
303: I had a HORRIBLE experience with this medication. I used this medication to treat my anxiety and instead it gave me a horrible depression. The first night I took it I couldn't fall asleep all night and the insomnia persisted not only during the time I was taking it but also after I was off of it as it took my body a while to adjust. Not being able to sleep affected my quality of life and my work a lot as I was not able to function at all. I was depressed the entire time. I completely lost my libido which lasted for a year after getting off of the medication!! I hope this works for you, it was the worst decision I made for my self to take it. I'm off of it now and seems like for me it's much easier to handle my anxiety through therapy Read More Read Less
304: I started on 50mg taking half a tablet at night for ten days. It made me feel extremely "sick", "dizzy and disorientated" and my head felt heavy and "big". This usually occurred around 10am. I felt so bad that I would crawl into bed and sleep for about a hour. Usually felt a tinny bit better after I slept. As per the prescription I increased the dosage to one tablet at night - thinking that the increase may help - but it became worse. I used the one tablet for 2 days only then went back to using half at night. I also thought that I will rather cope with the depression than feel this bad. I have since stopped using it completely. Who can afford not to be able to concentrate because you are feeling so "bad" that you have to go to bed that time of day?Read More Read Less
305: This treatment has been a positive experience for me. I have used other medications for depression and everyone of them made my symptoms worse than they were to begin with, I am been on this for over 6 months and it sits well on the stomach, aids in getting to and staying asleep. Did not affect my appetite or weight. Only one problem and that would be the lack of interest in a sex life. But then again I did not have much interest during my severe depression, I am sure that will come back later on.Read More Read Less
306: I started taking setraline 10 weeks ago for severe anxiety and depression. Initially, I had horrific side affects and could not function for the first 7 weeks. Although I was told 2-3 weeks to get used to it, I ended up in A and E and numerous visits to the doctor. 
Happily, I can now say after the 7th week, I started to see a huge difference in myself. Slowly but surely I am almost me again. It has been a miracle as I had no hope whatsoever and thought I was going crazy. Hang on in there it will be worth it. I just hope that it stays this way now
307: I was a train wreck, non stop crying, uncontrolable, wasnt never like this in my life, however, this drug helped, but it takes an extreme amount of time inorder to orgasm, even with masterbation.  I am also experiencing dry mouth/throat and had slight tremor issues when first starting this drug. Right now its been about 3 weeks and I am currently on my increased dosaged of 50mg and am now experiencing easy bruising.  Other then that so far so good with my main issues of uncontrollable crying.
308: I am an "anti-pill" person, but after my mom died in 2002, my family doctor prescribed it. In about 2 weeks I felt like the fog had been lifted. I was on it for about 6 months in 2002-03 (quit cold turkey), and went on it again in November 2007 after a particularly rough few months. I am weaning off it now. The only side effect I noted was a loss of libido, and I am less of a "copntrol freak" - to my employees' and son's delight! Alos was prescribed Atavan this time for anxiety, but do NOT advise taking both at the same time - very, very depressed - borderline suicidal. Was able to realize the problem and went off Atavan asap.Read More Read Less
309: so far it has not help...
310: I have taken this med 3 separate times for differnet lengths of time. When I dont take it I feel angry about everything and anything. When I do take it I seem to handle things better. I agree with the dreams. They are vivid and bizarre and I remember every single one. When I am not on it I dont have those. I still feel sadness but I feel like I can focus when I am on the med.
311: headaches every day......seem to be even more drepressed on some days...dont think its working at all
312: This worked within a week or two and I am dealing with my stress and problems much more efficiently and not taking it out on my family.  I have heartburn, tho... which I never had before, shortly after taking it.
313: I am writing this for my daughter, Julie.  She was perscribed this medication to treat her depression.  She had had thoughts of suicide a few months prior to taking this medication.  After two months of taking these pills she passed away from suicide by hanging herself in her father's basement, she was 17 years old.  She had had severe trouble sleeping, shaking and also severe mood swings.  She also experienced heavier then normal menstral cycles.  Doctors should monitor these patient taking anti-depressants with more care.  My daughter was admitted to an Ontario Canada hospital with her first suicide attempt, they released her only after a couple of days.  The original stay in hospital was to be two weeks......All I can say it is sad when hospitals would much rather give a patient pills and not the care they need.Read More Read Less
314: Med gave me pretty severe headaches.  I became tired easily and usually exercise 5X a week vigorously. I became almost faint when I tried to work out while on the drug.  I also lost 5 pounds in a week (very unusual for me).  My appetite decreased probably from the lask of exercise, but could be the med.  Going to switch to Zoloft.
315: I am decreasing my use of this drug because it causes me ejaculation delay so much that I am the marathon man.  Prior to being diagnosed with diabetes i had premature ejaculation.
316: Ive been diagnosed with severe depression. I've been taking this for a little over a year now and around maybe 6ish months ago got it increased. I take 75mg in the morning. and it sure does do its job. No more stupid impulsive actions at school (I go to an alternative school) I rarely get depressed and when I do it's very brief.some side effects I'm beginning to notice with long term use are very dilated pupils, mild sweating, hand tremors (these are usually on and off and are very mild.) Overall I'm pretty satisfied even with the side effects it's much better than being depressed all the timeRead More Read Less
317: So, if you have just started on Sertraline brace yourself for hell on earth.  Stress and anxiety led to my GP prescribing Sertraline and for 3 weeks it was a terrible experience.  Anxiety heightened, shaking, loss of appetite and apathy.  I was always a functioning depressive/anxious person but couldn't get out of bed after beginning to take Sertraline.  But, suddenly one morning, I woke up and just felt fine.  Since then anxiety has disappeared and I have a proper perspective on life.  Without a doubt, a wonder drug!!  I now know how it feels to he "normal"!!Read More Read Less
318: So if you’re reading this, you’re probably looking for some reassurance like I was before taking Sertraline. I remember holding the pill in my hand and being so terrified to take it. The gargantuan list of side effects doesn’t help ?? but it’s important to remember that you will almost certainly be absolutely fine. ??

So luckily I had pretty much no side effects when I started taking sertraline, apart from an increased sense of relaxation, which was probably the relief of finally taking it. I started feeling better after about a week or two, and gradually felt more like my old self agin after about 4-8. It gets better with each few days, especially if you combine it with therapy and self care. It can seem like a big life decision to make, but once you make it, you’ll likely be glad you did. 

Good luck on your adventure. ??



Read More Read Less
319: Been taking Sertraline for about 3 months now. It was the 4th antidepressant I had tried and was the only one with no side effects (the others had serious side effects including insomnia, complete loss of the ability to concentrate on anything, and excessive energy resulting in and already fidgety me becoming extremely jittering 24/7). Started on 50mg and am currently on 200mg taken in the mornings so as not to affect my sleep. Unfortunately, like all the others after an initial period of improvement the positive effects just stopped (even with increased dosage), but if you are having bad side effects to others I found Sertraline to be 100x better than the others I've taken (fluoxetine, escitalopram, Mirtazapine)Read More Read Less
320: I still have panic issues, as well as constant diahrrea
321: I started taking this medicine about 3.5 weeks ago. I had horrible headaches, diarrhea, and agitation the first week and a half. However, now it has gone away, and I feel better. I'm not so nervous all the time, I do not feel anxious when I'm around a lot of people like I used to be. And my mood just seems brighter. I don't worry as much, and I feel more laid back and relaxed. I used to be very nervous all the time worrying about everything. But now I see things as not a big deal. I can actually talk to people and look at them, where that was impossible before
322: I have been on this drug for 3 weeks and it has made my anxiety go down to where it is managable. The only problem that i have had is the feeling of being high. But other than that this has been great for me.
323: I have taken sertraline for over two years first I started on 50 mg and was recently upped to 100 mg. I experience brain fog, forgetfulness and an extreme excessive weight gain to the point where my entire body feels tight and my joints ache. I have disinterest in outer door activities and prefer to sleep with most of my free time and constant mood swings daily. In my  opinion this medication should not be taken for long periods of time.
324: I am a twenty-five year old female, and I've been on Zoloft 25mg for about six years. I had panic disorder and OCD, and my panic disorder was so bad I could not leave the house at all. Now, I almost never get panic attacks, work a high stress job without issue, and am able to be in public by myself. It was such a lifesaver for me. Honestly, the side effects are annoying in the beginning, but I think mine went away after about a month. I am very sensitive to medication, so I find if I don't take my Zoloft in the same 2ish hour window every day, I do get some pretty annoying side effects for a week (brain fog, depression, panic attacks) - but that's only if I don't remember to take it on time; and again I'm someone who is very sensitive to medication.

My tips if you're new to this medication: always take it after eating a meal,  always take it with a FULL glass of water/at least half a water bottle (it can burn your throat if you don't drink enough with it - never ever dry swallow or only take just a sip of water), try really hard to take it the exact same time every single day. I think it took about three months before I noticed major improvements with this med. I'm still amazed that I'm only on 25mg after six years! I was worried about dependency/having to increase dosage constantly, but I think once you find your dose of this med, you won't have to increase for a long time.Read More Read Less
325: dont like this medication at all. I constantly have a headache, I forget things and a drop in sexual desire.   Cant wait until my dr. tries a different med.  I dont feel much of a differance in my moods  on the medication I think I cry more
326: At first, it was much more difficult for me to orgasm, but that subsided rather quickly as my body became accustomed to the medication.  I have been completely asymptomatic regarding my OCD with this drug.
327: I have been taking this for just over a month now.  I had some side effects initially but nothing major, made my face break out a little bit, delayed orgasm, and increase in appetite.  I am not sure if anyone else was having the same problems, but overall it is really helping me take control of my life again and show interest in things I love to do.  Both my friends and family have noticed a change in the short amount of time I have been taking it.  I am glad I am on this medication.    Is there anyone else that has been having some or similar side effects?Read More Read Less
328: I cant keep food down.
329: Treatment panick attacks. Severe headaches and loss of sexual desire. Better than effexors though. Go back to Dr. in a month/
330: (25mg)I believe this medication can work and will work for some people. DO YOUR RESEARCH BEFORE THO. I have taken it for a little over two weeks so my experience may not be valid as it does take 4-6 weeks to work in some cases. the first few days were horrible and I was not expecting it. The only thing that kept me going was the reviews online that said to push through it. I had every side effect, insomnia, new depression (suicidal thought), lack of sex drive, foggy mind, all the flu-like symptoms, increases in anxiety including anxiety attacks which I have never had, lack of appetite. I felt utterly hopeless. It did start to get better and then for some reason my anxiety came back and increased I am worrying about things I have never worried about before. I am constantly worrying. It caused my life to be so much harder and I just want to return to baseline. I am praying that will happen once I stop. I think it can help people, but I keep wondering if this new anxiety is due to the medication or me just finally snapping and becoming scared about everything and if anyone has had similar increases in anxiety does it go away once you stop? I really hope so. I feel slightly hopeless and am hoping everything will go back to baseline when I stop.Read More Read Less
331: They changed my med's around again. They started me on this one with another anti depressant (yes, I am one of those who is always depressed/anxiety)but it took a few weeks and an increase in dose and within days I felt like a normal person again. Really happy they went with this medication. This is the only one they increased the mgs on, and afterwards is when I started feeling better so I awesome it is this drug.
332: Most positive decision I could have made - life changing for me, and despite being worried the side effects were short lived and minimal. Highly recommended
333: Iv been on this for about 2 weeks and i dnt feel like myself lots of panic attacks and anxiety
334: I love the medicine but im experiencing trouble swallowing.
335: My internist put me on this medication (25mg) due to having dark thoughts which were horrific,my concentration was pretty much null and void (Watching the telly without really watching it) and still is sometimes but I find myself depressed alot lately and I know the reason why (Possible Lung Cancer) and not being able to see my grown children (Live in different states) and they say they will visit me in the future here in NY but I doubt it,tonight I am taking 50mg and see if it hopefully addresses my depression.Read More Read Less
336: 6 months of constant panic attacks due to PTSD brought me to my last resort, sertraline. I was prescribed them by my doctor and I cried at the list of endless side effects and the worsening anxiety within the first weeks. I will warn you that the first two nights were HORRIFIC! Constant vomiting, racing heart, severely dizzy(drunk feeling), intense flashbacks. I then had 4 weeks of mild side effects after these two horrific nights, 4 weeks of feeling slightly faint, hot flushes, extreme thirst and exhaustion. I am now on my 7th week of taking the tablets and i feel AMAZING! I cannot remember the last time I had a panic attack! I’m planning trips to festivals, London, malls… all things I could never do! PLEASE STICK WITH THEM! They are the ticket for getting your life back! Battle through the tough times, take some time to self care and just know that every present side effect is a sign of healing! Quick tip: I took iron tablets alongside sertraline and it really helped reduce the dizziness! 
wish you all the best with your journey guys, just remember to stick with them and get your life back!! Read More Read Less
337: Started out at 25 mg...after 4 days began to have vivid and frightening nightmares ~ waking up with rapid heartbeat and elevated blood pressure.  I'd rather be depressed than risk having a heart attack or a stroke due to this worthless drug!!!!!
338: It started working for me in about a week or so. I thought I had been "cured" so I stopped cold turkey, big mistake, I felt worse than before I originally started taking the drug. Bottom line, I feel like I can cope when I am on this medicine. I have been on sertraline 50 mg. for about 7 months now.
339: I have been taking this drug for over two years and the vivid dreams are under control.  BUT I feel like I have a bucket on my head, groggy during the day and mister happy is not too happy.  My attention to detail is trashed and when I read I have go over it many times to get it.   My PTSD is old and things on my last deployment have caused my PTSD to flare up again.  Sex drive is lost; the VA has to have something better.
340: I began taking this when I suffered from post-partum depression and anxiety when my baby was 4 weeks old.  She is now 4 years old.  I stopped taking it for about one year, then had a bout of terrible anxiety that brought on depression.  So I have now decided that this is just part of my life.  I take only 50mg and it does the trick.
341: I was diagnosed with type II bipolar in 1995..... I've been taking this drug since and have found that when I have stopped thinking I was feeling better ..... I've become suicidal !  So I now take my meds every day but I recently had a deep depression and after a 2 week stay in hospital, my doctor upped the dosage and with 8 weeks of group therapy, I am now more aware of my condition and will keep myself in check before reaching the abyss next time !  at least I hope so !    Knowledge is power ...... I have also become aware that I've had 4 major depressive episodes in my lifetime, approximately 10 years apart.  At 18, 30, 43 and now at 59.  Bipolar is controllable so get help !  Read More Read Less
342: This drug gave me the power to overcome my depression. It has affected me so postively, and I've been on it for two years now. I hope to eventually wean myself off of it, but as of now I'm extremely happy with it. The bottom line is, you have to find the drug that works for you. I'm sure many people experience horrible side effects, but I have never experienced any, whatsoever. I am thankful for this drug because without it I'm a nutcase. However, it is important to see a therapist in conjunction with medication. That makes a world of difference.Read More Read Less
343: Really didn't help me. Had problems with easy bleeding and insomnia. Stopped about 3 weeks ago, and now I sleep better and bleeding has decreased (blood noses and easy cuts). Doctor was not happy, said I had to see him again. No way. I came off the same way I went on, gradually over two weeks, 25  MG a day for those two weeks. Personally, my Therapist was far better for me, and she doesn't give me drugs. If this works for you, great! If it doesn't, no need to take it.
344: I came down with panic attacks out of no where about a year ago. After reading about them and dealing with them almost daily, I felt as if there was no hope left and I had to suffer. I talked to a lot of people about the disorder and said that zoloft was the cure.     Now.. 7 months later after taking 100mg a day has cured me from most of my attacks. I get a little anxious once in a great while but other than that, my anxiety is gone! No side effects at all for me! Everyone is different and your body may react differently than mine. Its 100% worth a shot if you have a panic disorder. Give it a few months and you wont regret it.Read More Read Less
345: Sertraline is by far the best med I've taken for my PTSD. I only wish it had found me sooner. I'm sad that I have to stop taking it because of extreme, chronic diarrhea. I don't mean the "chicken squirts", I'm talking about a straight through pipe with everything and anything I eat. With the loss of appetite and the diarrhea I went from 170 to 140 in 90 days. I've been switched to Venlafaxine and I truly hope I get the same great affect as I did with Sertraline but without the diarrhea.
346: I began to take this medication due to progressive anxiety and panic attacks.  Once I had been perscribed this medication I felt much better knowing that hopefully my perscription would help me.     After being on the medication for about 2 weeks I noticed that the panic, aniety, and depression seemed to slip away.  I still had bad days, but the dwelling and panic subsided.    Now after being on the medication for over 6 weeks I feel like I am back to normal.    The only side-effects I have noticed with the medication is when I began to take the medication, I noticed that when a panic/aniety attack was begining I felt a sensation of tingling or a slight shiver upon the onset of an attack.  This sensation was very mild and went away after a week.    I am very happy that I spoke to my doctor about this medication.    -PLRead More Read Less
347: Taking generic Zoloft 50mg.  I've been on it almost two weeks.  So far it's helped with my depression and social anxiety issues.   And strangely enough, I feel like I have more desire for sex. The first couple days I felt drunk and impulsive, but that went away. However, other side effects hit me like a ton of bricks this morning. Since I've started taking the medication, I've been in the restroom every 1-2 hours.  This morning I woke up with what felt like the equivalent of taking 2 Dulcolax. Also, had nausea/vomiting, fever, sweating, and both triceps went numb. All of the symptoms went away, but I'm afraid I will experience more of it.Read More Read Less
348: I've been taking Sertraline twice daily for a few years now, and it's literally a life-saver. Missing even one dose pushes me inside the gates of Hell within 24 hours; First I get very irritable, then develope a very quiet rage where I hate everything & everyone,including my husband, the dog, the toaster, water, air, and most of all myself. I feel like I'm living inside a monster without Sertraline and I fall into extremely deep depression with uncontrollable tears. Suicide would be a certainty without Sertraline. I still need help with generalized dysphoria, but I can live with that. My hair's thinning badly but that's a small price for sanity!   Read More Read Less
349: i can say b4 i started taking this med i was in a stste of depression and didnt know what to do my kids noticed a change and also my  friends and other fam members but after taking this med for awhile i have started to feel better i have taken back control of my life and i am beginning to do things that i love to do again
350: easy to use medication.  lessens symptons.
351: I have noticed I can now handle problems better and my outlook has changed, however, I have noticed that I am lethargic and tired all of the time, I cannot remember things as well and I have a decreased sex drive.
352: I was prescribed this medication for extreme anxiety. I have a complete fear of death so much that I couldn't focus on living. As soon as I started taking this medication I started feeling better. I still fear death but I'm not so anxious about every little thing. I used to freak out if I had a headache thinking I was going to die or if my leg hurt I thought it was a blood clot. I no longer think about that stuff if I have a headache or a pain in my leg. This medication has been great. The only side effect I seem to notice is I'm a lot more tired and sometimes when I get up and move I feel really light headed a lot more often than I used to. I will keep taking this medication until I get over my fear of death completely
353: This medicene is good but, I am only able to take half. It works wonders though!
354: I was on it for about 10 days and everything changed and I got irritated, angry feelings, much anxiety and just "flew off the handle" a couple of times.  It did not improve at all but things worse.
355: my mom started taking this med, a few years ago, and she is not the same person, i would not recommend this drug to no one.
356: ok
357: Prozac gave me headaches but sertraline seems to be milder and is helping me sleep and be in better moods.
358: I've been taking Prozak, Sertraline or Zoloft (Sertraline is the generic for Zoloft) since the early 1990s, when I was in my 40s, and for me, it has been wonderful. I have seasonal affective disorder, but was hospitalized for major depressive disorder and total suicidality when I began taking Prozak. Until I started taking Zoloft, I had severe problems with mental energy and spent a lot of time in bed as an adult, especially during my menstrual period. Unfortunaately, Prozak gave me akathesia. My doctor then put me on Zoloft, which does not cause me akathesia. After I started taking Zoloft, my doctor added Wellbutrin to help me "focus" better (Wellbutrin  works on movement disorders like Parkinsons). With Zoloft (now Sertraline), I now have a wonderful sense of well being. I never get depressed and have great energy. A couple of times when I didn't get my Zoloft prescription refilled right away and went without it for several days, I could feel myself crashing and begin to feel depressed. So, now I refill my prescription right away. I'm doing so well that now I see my psychiatrist only once a year, when she gives me a prescription for three months of Sertraline, with a refill for three more months in that year. Then I visit her for my annual exam again.Read More Read Less
359: I have suffered from panic disorder and anxiety my whole life.  Growing up I was just labeled as 'moody' and having a bad temper.  It wasn't until after having my 1st child that the symptoms became so overwhelming (had stroke level blood pressure) that I saw a doctor for it.  Was diagnosed with severe panic disorder and mild depression.  I tried several different meds until Zoloft/Sertraline made a difference.  It was amazing to see how much of life I had been missing up to age 24 due to anxiety. I have been on it for over 10 years now and plan on taking it for the rest of my life.  That realization was hard at first but, now I think of it as a diabetic needing insulin.  I have tried to wean off of it and my anxiety came back with a vengeance.  My philosophy now is why suffer if I don't have to.  To those of you concerned about not being able to have children - I'd like to assure you that the medical community has conducted studies and the risks of taking Zoloft during pregnancy are minimal.  I took it throughout my second pregnancy and my daughter turned out just fine.  My OB/GYN felt that the stress due to un-treated panic disorder would have been more dangerous to my unborn baby due to increased blood pressure levels etc. than the possible affects of Zoloft on the baby.  The only complaints I have are the decreased sex drive (don't worry, it does come back) and the 'electrical zaps' I get in my fingertips and head when I miss a few doses (usually doesn't happen unless I miss at least 2 days).  All chemicals affect people differently so, one person's negative experience doesn't apply to everyone.  My advice - give Zoloft/Sertraline 2-3 weeks to fully integrate in your system and for any initial side effects to wear off.  If you still don't like if after that, wean off and try something else but you may be surprised if you give it a chance
360: i feel like a functioning human being again,as if the part of me i had when i was younger has come back.totally improved my outlook.and i lost 20 lbs :)
361: I have very bad anxiety and PTSD. Iâ??ve been taking this for two days now. I have no appetite at all, cannot sleep, diarrhea, nausea, and a very upset stomach. I have already notice in the two days that my anxiety isnâ??t as bad as it usually is; Iâ??m not clenching my jaw as much, as well as I havenâ??t had any panic attacks as I would 3-6 times a day.
362: I started 25mg of medication January 15th. The first week or so was pretty awful. I would randomly get sweaty feet, I would wake up 2 or 3 times a night super nauseous and just feeling very off, I was extremely tired, and completely lost my appetite. I was also very restless and fidgety. Despite the side effects and feeling icky, I didn't have any panic attacks and felt happier. After about a week a half I felt much better and the side effects were almost gone. After 2 weeks, I upped the dosage to 50mg and the next week was awful again. Pretty much all the same side effects as before, but not quite as bad. After one more week of side effects that gradually got better, I woke up and felt like a fog had lifted and I felt INCREDIBLE! I have been on 50 MG now for about 5 weeks and I am a brand new person. I have so much energy, zero anxiety, no depression and I genuinely love life again. If you are are co sidering taking this meds, the first few weeks might be rough, but push through and hopefully you will experience relief whatever you're seeking. It has been life changing and I am so happy I got over my fear and gave medication a shot finally. I have been avoiding it for years and I'm glad I finally gave it a go
363: I've tried Prozac 20 years ago and it gave me more anxiety.  I don't understand how one seritonin uptake inhibitor can be so different. I used to think crying all the time was normal. I was put on Zoloft and my whole world brightened up. Not sure sertraline is quite as effective. That being said.  Regarding side effects, I haven't to my knowledge had any of the bad ones.  I think one should not be afraid of trying it. If it doesn't work.  Stop.  I couldn't believe how much better I felt on it. I'm up to 100 prescribed but am halfing it and hope I don't have to be on it forever, but for now I give it a great review. Psychiatry is trial and error. Thanks!Read More Read Less
364: even though initial couple of months had the regular sideaffects,i started feeling v good by the end of 2nd month after starting the medication.i had hallucinations,excessive talking,etc whn my dose was high-175mg,n it was gradually reduced when my mood got better and better.but nw it has bn reduced to 50 mg,so no prblems.but i can feel slight recurrence of my initial depressive mood.my husband is an emotional abuser,and he is not helping in any way.so i have to  find ways to strengthen myself.i never want to go back to that horrible time of life when i was severely depessed and had anxiety attacks.i dnt mind taking the medication as long as it doesnt give any sideaffect problems of its own upon longterm use.i am worried only abt that part.Read More Read Less
365: I have not notices any difference. Should I be taken more in a day's time?
366: Systems of anxiety and panic slowly faded away as my doses were increased to 200mg.  It took about 6 months and then one day I realized I was fine.  It's been 5 years now, still taking sertaline, still fine.
367: It worked at first, then I became more depressed, so I asked my doctor to up the dose. Again, it worked at first. Eventually I was on a high dose and the same thing happened. Decided to get used to the dose, became more depressed. Throughout my treatment, if I forgot to take it one day I might have a "brain zap" which feels like an electric shock in the brain and spine. Scared the hell out of me. When I lowered my dose these "zaps" would happen more frequently and continued until months after I had completely stopped.Read More Read Less
368: Seems to have setled down my extreme social anxiety
369: I have been taking this medication since July and I have seen a major change in my mood and energy levels. In usually in a great mood and always up doing something. My only issue would be of a sexual nature. I've been in a relationship for a little over 3 years and I have never had trouble getting an orgasm until I got on the medication. It's very frustrating. That, however, would be my only complaint.
370: haven't ever used it before
371: I had a sever reaction to this drug. I was perscribed this because of an anxioty issue.    I was suppsoed to take 1/2 pill for 7 days then a whole pill from then on. I never got past day 3. the second night my vision got blurry and I was confused about things. I thought I was just tired so I went to bed early. the next morning I took 1/2 a pill and it was awful. blurred vision, confusion, uncontrolable shaking of my bones, a huge sore inside my mouth, and my voice changed. I couldnt stop the shaking no matter what I did. I tried to contact the doctor but it was a holiday weekend and he was gone for 4 days. I stopped taking the medication and I have an appointment with my doc next week to discusse
372: Easy to use because it is a pill. I was on 50mg. After a full 12 hours night's sleep my body only wanted to be awake for 3 hours at a time. I was ridiculously tired all the time. GP said that I shouldn't've been but pulled me off it none the less.
373: I have severe anxiety and it has worsened as I get further into my thirties.  I have been taking sertraline for five days and into day three I have experienced increase anxiety.  My doctor told me that some experience this for the first week.  Has anyone else experienced this in the beginning?
374: i have been on sertraline 50mg and not only do i feel great i lost 15lbs in 2 weeks which i needed to lose but it works for me i take it at night because it makes me sleeping.i have been on it for 1 1/2 months.
375: I suffered with anxiety and panic attacks for 16 years and finally decided to try medication since no other "home remedy" had worked. I am so sorry I hadn't done it sooner! I did have some side effects the first few weeks (upset stomach, drowsiness) but stuck with it. I found that taking it in the evening after dinner helped. I find I am still a little drowsier than usual but the anxiety is manageable and the panic attacks have been reduced to almost non-existent. If you are hesitant to take medication, I understand, believe me I was too, but this has improved my quality of life significantly.  Read More Read Less
376: i take 50 mg at night and 50 in the day time.its working so wonderful for me my husband is seeing a diffrence in my mood swings,my family will stress any one out so if this works for me it will work for any one in my condition..
377: srarted 4 anxiety but helped 4 menopause
378: Been on 100mg for almost 3 months do to ridiculous medical anxiety ( terrified of surgery). I like it.Mellows me out and i'm way more even keel. Only side effect i can think of is not a forceful ejaculation during sex. ( Could be worse ).
379: Can I take this drug only 2 weeks out of the month, every month?....My gyno recommended this drug to me after I had moderate to severe depression every month 1 week before and during my Period.  He is telling me to take it only during the week before and the week of my period which would make sense considering those re the only weeks I am completely miserable (about nothing).  As I was reading about this drug it said that you should not completely stop taking the drug-that you should ween yourself off of it; however, my doctor is telling me otherwise.  Again, Can I take this drug only 2 weeks out of the month, every month?Read More Read Less
380: This drug was only effective for me when I first took and stayed on a mood stabilizer to address my mania. I went through the agonizing process of being treated solely with anti-depressants twice by my family doctor. Unfortunately, he only saw the depression but missed the harder to detect manic side. SSRIs alone made me feel worse at it amplified my mania. Topamax and Sertraline have worked wonders for me. The third critical piece is working with a therapist that truly understand bi-polar.
381: For people who have worries regarding sexual problems and they think they could have erectile dysfunction. I'd like to say that depression can do everything and Sertaline was the only medication that really restored my morning woods again and I can now get it up with no problem at any time.     Those who are still worried they could have ed. Make sure you are not depressed before opting for viagra or any other remedies.     I took 150mg for the first time and made me so drowsy, so I dropped to 100mg per day, it's only 3 or 4 days now and the effects on my sexual problems are wonderful.     I still have loss of appetite and insomnia, but I hope these side effects will improve in few weeks.      Make sure you visit your doctor before taking this medication as we may not have the same case.    I hope this may help someone.      ThxRead More Read Less
382: I have been on this medication for almost 2 years. I have felt side effects, but thought that it was just me. Now after reading other posts, I am definitely sharing side effects with others. Dry mouth, lethargic but not enough to keep me from a full time job or doing things that I enjoy doing, increased appetite, decreased sex drive, & instant moodiness when I stopped taking it about a month ago. I am now back on it and I am making an appointment with my DR to see if there is an alternative that will be more beneficial to me, as the decreased sex drive is beginning to effect my marriage (married almost two years).Read More Read Less
383: Somehow I think my last message got erased but it wasn't bad. I got on this about a couple years ago...It has helped me...when I first got on it I got a headache, but that went away and there have been no other side effects that I can remember and I haven't had any more side effects...it helps me go to sleep...I also had depression when I started taking this and it made me feel emotionally peaceful.
384: not working
385: i was more jumpy.  Mood swings increase. Very pornaid.  Lack of sleep
386: Had almost an immediate improvement in mood. Anxiety diminished and zero panic attacks. After about 4 months though, I couldn't handle the constant nausea and lethargy. Lately, I've noticed more angry/hostile feelings. Called the doctor who is switching me to Celexa.
387: A couple of years ago I started having back problems and became cranky.  Then, during an MRI I had a panic attack and became clastraphobic.  When I first startd the med the panic problem increased, then after a couple of weeks the crankiness gradually went away.  I am a very happy camper now.  The stuff is amazing.  It took the edge off with no real side efects. I can ride an elevator again! All cranky old people should try this stuff.
388: I've been on this for 2 yrs. and it has worked great for my moods,but not so well on my figure. I gained 30lbs. and it killed my libido.I stopped taking them, and lost 7lbs. in the first week. Now I have to decide whether to be fat and happy, or thin and anxious.
389: I was prescribed 50 mg once a day for my anxiety attacks and mild depression. Today is the first day I took it and I hated it! I started off feeling dizzy and intoxicated , then followed sweaty feet and hands while I felt cold all over, I urinated at least 20 times before mid day  as well as constant bowel movements. Dry mouth all day as well. It induced a very strong panic attack which I had to take a xanax for. Muscle twitches along with a rash and extreme restlessness. Loss of appetite which didn't bother me but it felt like I was on speed all day and it made me agitated. Apparently this is just not the right medication for me and to be honest I would rather deal with the few panic attacks I have a week than the side effects of thisRead More Read Less
390: I started taking this medicine for anxiety, depression, and ocd thoughts. At first I was nervous about taking it but now that I have been on it for 6 weeks I am feeling alot better. I still have my thoughts going throught my head over and over again, but so far this medicine has been amazing and it has really made me be able to live life like I used to.
391: been taking 100mg sertraline for almost 4months now. its done wonders for me! the low sex drive while on this is true, but i'm married and hardly get any anyways, no whoop there:) only side effect that's really bothered me is inability to fall asleep at nite. i had occassional RLS before starting this med, but the last 3wks have been hell, can't sleep at nite from leg kicks. started 100mg gabapentin 3 times a day today, hope that fixes the RLS cause i really like sertraline, its made me a happier person and less negative. also relieved some of my ibs symptoms! don't get "nervous stomach" pains anymore that send me to a toilet.do have that "i don't give a ___ " attitude more than i prob should.  overall i'm very glad i found this med! so is my wife and kids,lolRead More Read Less
392: Insomnia, weight gain, acid reflux
393: so I'm not really here to talk about how it is working for me, but recently under a tight financial situation I haven't been able to buy any more. SO I have stopped 'cold turkey' My moods still seem consistent, but I get very regular pulses throughout my body, like a little shock of electricity and some dizziness. I have been told stopping drugs like these are really bad for your health, the effects i am experiencing are uncomfortable but not unbearable. Does anyone know what this could lead to if I can't get anymore? Read More Read Less
394: I've been taking this medicatiion for panic disoreder it has done it's job more than expected.
395: I have been on this for a week, and i am already starting not to feel so depressed and anxious, last night i started noticing a decreased appetite though.
396: I like it very much.
397: makes me into a zombie
398: When I was taking a lower dosage, I felt this product was a good match for me.  However, as my dosage has increased, I have gained a lot of weight in a small amount of time.  At first, I thought the weight gain was due to my habits; however, I work out now 2 hours a day and participate in Weight Watchers.  I am still gaining weight!
399: This treatment has stopped my panic attacks so I can lead a normal life.
400: I was taking this for my Depression and PTSD. I had a severe and rare allergic reaction to the medicine. If you ever start having "Tics" like Tourette's, immediately call your doctor. My doctor unfortunately blew my reaction off, so I had 3 E.R. visits in 4 days and went to different towns before they finally helped me at St. Joseph's. It did work for me, in the beginning, that was the only real good thing it did for me.
401: I was on this drug for quite some time , then I gained weight and switched to cymboltawhich helped with pain as well as depression until one day it just stopped working , I am now back on the sertraline, it is working quite well
402: This is the first time I've tried a SSRI medication. I thought about it for months and months but was very reluctant. I've had insomnia due to anxiety on and off for years now and had an awful few weeks of no sleep recently. So I'm on Sertraline for 2 weeks now, I'm not sure if it's actually kicked in yet but I feel I should write this to say I've had almost no side effects. I was a bit tired during the day for 3 days but that is it. My sleep has improved hugely in the last few days. I was so worried about the insomnia and anxiety being worse for the initial period but that never happened. I can't comment on the long term benefits yet but it's been very easy so far and I hope this eases someone else's mind that is unsure about trying it. Also I started on 25mg per day for a week with no side effects at all, then moved to 50mg and had 3 days of afternoon exhaustion, i take my tablet before bed each night. But now I feel energised to point I'm back running on my lunch breaks again. The tiredness could have been a result of the insomnia or my mind settling down. All I know is I'm pleasantly surprised how easy it's been. Best of luck to everyone.Read More Read Less
403: I'm taking this for generalised anxiety disorder which doesn't seem to be on the list. I was very hesistant to take this medication when I first prescribed it, because I read a lot of bad reviews. My advice if you're prescribed this is to give it a chance to work. The first about 2 weeks I was on this my anxiety was a lot worse, but after about a month it started to help it. I went up from 50mg to 100mg per day after being on it for about 3 months and the 100mg dose has been a lot more effective. I've been on sertraline for just over a year now and it's definitely not a cure but along with therapy has helped me manage my symptoms. I still get regular anxiety and have bad moments but I definitely have less very particularly bad moments. I mean I haven't had a panic attack in like 6 months and was getting them almost once a week at one point
404: I have been taking Sertraline for 5 months now and I love it!  During the first 2-4 weeks I did experience some dizziness, light-headedness, nauceousness, etc...but that only lasted that short period of time while my body became used to it.  Now, it makes me less irritable and I just seem to have a more positive mood, more often.  No drug is 100% effective, but this one is pretty close!  I went off of it for about a month around Christmas time because I became very busy and kept putting off getting my refill, and boy could I tell a HUGE difference!  My anxiety came back full force, my extreme irritabilty returned, and my mood swings were quite often.  Once I got my refill and started back up, it was good again!  I hate that I feel like I'll never be able to be without medication to be "normal", but I am very thankful that I found something that works so well for me! Read More Read Less
405: IT HAS MADE MY DAUGHTER MEAN AND GAVE HER SUCH RAGE THAT SHE WANTED TO KILL HER LITTLE SISTER,WHICH SHE IS VERY CLOSE TOO. I HATE WHAT THIS MED. DID TO MY DAUGHTER AND I HOPE THE FDA CHECKS IT OUT MORE.
406: Bad anxiety all of my life. Took this medication and within 3 days of continuous use my anxiety was worse. Made me bipolar wanting to harm myself. Racing thoughts that were incoherent. Full blown panic attacks, crying, depression and helpless. Worse 3 days of my life and the few weeks following. Find someone or something that makes you happy because this will not. You will go through hell just to feel empty and when you decide you want to feel again it will be an absolute nightmare getting off of this.Read More Read Less
407: Take it for PTSD & associated MDD resulting from watching helplessly as my son endured a slow, agonizing death from ALS, aka Lou Gehrig's disease. There is NO treatment, so the diagnosis is an automatic death sentence by suffocation. He moved home after his diagnosis, then I lived at Hospice with him the last several mos. of his life. He had a morphine pump in his tummy for his unbearable neuropathic pain , but was unable to dispense the medication himself due to contractures in his hands. The nite he woke me, whispering "Momma, I can't breathe", Hospice nurses could only put a "re-breather" on his face BECAUSE THERE IS NO TREATMENT. It took him 5 days & nights to smother.  I'll never forget the "clicking" sound he made from somewhere in his neck as he struggled to breath. After watching this for 5 days, I begged the nurses to make it stop.  I was asked if my husband & I had given him permission to "let go"...of course, we had not!  Never entered our heads to do so!  Hardest thing I've ever done...tell my son it was ok to die. Sorry for this...when I initially started writing this, all I meant to do was review sertraline. Then, diarrhea of the brain radiated to my fingers, resulting in the above dissertation. My apologies to all of you.  Pre- sertraline, I continued to "live" at hospice 24/7.  After my psychiatrist gradually raised my dosage to 300 mg. in the a.m., I no longer lived there. I still think of my son 100 times a day, have numerous triggers & flashbacks, but there is ONE BIG DIFFERENCE NOW...the thoughts are fleeting! Yes, they come, but then they leave!  I know my life has forever been altered...was asked to take early retirement from my good state job when my mom died exactly 1 yr. after my son, I isolate, no longer laugh or act silly, am unable to concentrate or sleep, ad nauseum, but (& this is the biggie)...I don't ruminate 24/7 about the hell my son went thru, thanks to sertraline. No longer want to kill myself.       Read More Read Less
408: I have taken sertraline for about 2 years,and It keeps me on an even keel through the day. I suffer no side affects from it. I am very pleased with the results.
409: My doctor originally started me out at 50 mg. This was too much, and he agreed to lower it to 25 mg. the lowest amount. I really encourage you to start out with 25 mg. The first two weeks were very unpleasant, but the medication helped a lot after the two weeks of use. No more startle response.
410: i have tried just about everything out there, this is the only drug yhat actually worked for me.  ive been  on it for 5 months 100mg and i feel great!  i havent experianced any side effects. i also noticed SOMA calms me down when i get real anxious, strange.
411: I have a question can this drug cause sleep walking or make it worse? Any help with this would be greatly appreciated. Otherwise have had no serious side effects.
412: Hang in there this medication is a game changer for me. Took 6 week but then one day just like that i could feel the difference and finally feel normal again.I ?? ??
413: I have been on prozac, lexapro, wellbutrin, and effexor.  Finally my doctor switched me to sertraline 50mg about four months ago and I feel amazing.  This rx has been a lifesaver for me!  I have gained a few pounds, but don't believe it's from the medication.  I really believe that I am much more happier and relaxed and have been more social, going out and what not.  I believe that's where the weight came from.  The only thing is that if I miss a dose, I can immediately tell within 12-24 hours, and my anxiety begins coming back.  I highly highly recommend this medication for someone with depression/manic phases/anxiety.  Excellent med.Read More Read Less
414: I have been on this medication for only a week. But in that week i have had panic attacks, shaky, nausea, trouble sleeping, and once my face went tingly and then numb. so far, NOT SATISFIED!
415: I am very happy with this drug, I have severe anger management problems and this drug coupled another one instantly made me feel like normal again. Only been taking it for a week now and have only one complaint. I am having difficulty ejaculating. Besides that great drug.
416: i seem to be lethargic and depressed
417: left foot felt like it beloned on somebody else.
418: This med helps me stay balanced with dealing with stress and just everyday affairs. I feel more complete and more myself while on it.
419: I just started taking this medication two days ago. My anxiety/panic attacks have already decreased significantly. I have had a slight headache and two episodes of diarrhea. I thought it would take a while before I would feel any positive results from the medication. I don't know if it is common to feel the effects so soon. I started on 25mg and will go to 50mg after one week. I have been held captive by this anxiety for years. I finally have some hope that my every day life will soon improve and not feel so limited about what I can do
420: I've been on this medication for probably six years.  It makes all the difference in the world.  I'm able to enjoy my family, handle most problems without going to pieces, and feel good about myself.  And, I very seldom have those awful planic attacks anymore.
421: my sex life has gone down and my sex drive as also droped
422: It is effective but I think I am addicted to it because whenever I give up taking it, I feel drowsiness, headache and other side effects.
423: Sertraline changed my life. As with many others I waited months to start the medication because of all the horror stories I read on this website. Although everyone's experience is different I wanted to say that there IS hope for you. I suffer from debilitating anxiety. I could barely sleep at night, going to the grocery store was painful, my intrusive thoughts felt like they were crippling me. The first week or so, I had a few side effects. I had some headaches and I would get waves of slightly increased anxiety about 5 hours after taking my pill. After that, side effects pretty much went away. I can now sleep at night, going to the store is less painful, most importantly the intrusive thoughts have decreased immensely. I think it is worth trying. I feel like I can finally breathe
424: I have been taking sertraline for 8-9 years and have severe diarrhea.  I have associated the diarrhea with sertraline and am going to start cutting this drug out.
425: 2 Days after I started, I felt worse. I was absolutely miserable, I had suicidal thoughts, no appetite, and I just wanted to sleep. No willpower, no strength, nothing. A week after I missed a dosage and the next day I felt so much better. I was happier and smiling and could actually eat. Overall, I absolutely hate it.
426: I have been taking this med for a little over a year now. This past year has been amazing! My panic attacks were so bad, i would call in sick to work often, i also drank a lot. Since i started this med i haven't called in sick once and have now been sober for a year! I also take Vistaril as needed and the combination keeps my attacks pretty much away. One thing though is i get dizzy often, not sure if it is a side effect? But after 15 years of panic attacks, i am very happy to finally be getting better!Read More Read Less
427: I take 100mg in the morning only and it has done wonders I was very depressed and not myself... I notice I do get mean at times and then I will cry and feel like I am worthless but not often does that happen. I have so many diagnosis that I am on 4 phsyc. meds including Sertraline. I use to be on 7 meds just for my mental illness! So I really am happy with this medication.
428: I've been taking Sertraline 50mg tab for major depression and social anxiety. For 20 days now, my first week I was getting great sleep, the second week up until now I have been having a hard time sleeping and have ringing in my ears when I lie down. Constant headaches and my eyes are sore, sensitive to noise, and hard of hearing now LOL. I've also feel more irritable, less talkitive, and want to withdral myself from my family and friends. Depression hasn't improved. Haven't had the desire to be sexually active either. Glad it works for others, but not working out for me. :( ugh get me off of this.Read More Read Less
429: I'm actually taking sertraline for 3 reasons:  depression, social anxiety disorder, and obsessive-compulsive disorder.  It's helped...but believe your doctor when s/he says it may cause ED.
430: Some months ago,I was having premature ejection of semen.I reported this to my family physician who prescribed this medication for me. i take it once a day. From my experience, i feel very satisfied as I  no longer experience premature ejection of semen again.The only side effect about it is that i feel a little bit uneasy anytime i missed taking it for a day or two.
431: I've been on Sertraline for 2 weeks now (started at 50mg then went to 100mg) and immediately noticed that my general anxiety is quite reduced. I still have depression and get agitated pretty quickly but hoping it will go away eventually. I read that it requires a month for this drug to work.
432: I have had depression since I was 15.  I’m now 32.  I’m going on almost a year of taking sertraline and it is without a doubt the best thing I have ever done in my life.  I for so long thought I would grow out of depression and was almost ashamed to have to ask for medicine.  But one of my best friends finally relaxed me enough to ask for help.  I started with 25 mg and I’m now at 50 mg a day.  I typically take it first thing in the morning.  Don’t every feel ashamed to take medicine.  I wouldn’t be alive without sertraline.  I’m so grateful and thankful every day.Read More Read Less
433: I still can't sleep or do anything around the house when I'm not HAVING to go to work.  All I want to do is sleep.
434: I have been taking 50 mg daily for 6 years, I felt like it saved my life. I stopped stress eating and got my act together, had a zest for life again. On the negative end, I had tried to wean myself off of it for pregnancy but was unable to do so bc of severe  irritability and depression when lowering the dose. I had lost my prescription in a move and had terrible withdrawal until I could get a pharmacy to fill it for me where I moved. It felt like my head was in a jar, very odd feeling, and I was restless but could not make myself get out of bed
435: The plus is that this medication works, the down side is that I have gained 20+ pounds while on this medication, which I started about 6 months ago. I have always been a slender person, and now I'm not so much.
436: I promised myself that I would come back and leave a review if I noticed improvement. I've been taking Sertraline for 10 weeks for severe anxiety. I resisted medication for a long time but got to a point where my anxiety was impacting my life on a daily basis; it was debilitating. As a type "A" personality, I knew I had to try something. I started veryyy slow 12.5 mg every other night and went up to 25 mg every night after about 2 weeks. I had about every side effect listed; a LOT of increased anxiety, trouble sleeping, stomach issues, nausea, headaches. The first 3-4 weeks were honestly SO awful. Reading the messages on this board helped me push through and stick with it even though I was far from convinced it would help.  After 10 weeks I can honestly say I feel so much better and am SO glad I stuck it out. I may still go up to 50 mg but even at a low dose I'm feeling more like myself again. I've been there, I promise, it's worth it to stick with it
437: i have only been taking for one week, i was surprised that i feel a little better already as far as being depressed and moody, but i already had trouble sleeping before starting the med, and now i can hardly sleep at all! so im not sure if i will be able to keep taking it. i also have had mild headache, dry mouth, and loss of appetite. maybe the side effects will get better over a little time - i hope!
438: is it possible to see change in the first day? It almost seems like I took this pill today and everythings so bright!!!! or is that bad?
439: This drug has given me the energy and the stability to deal with the issues surrounding my depression.  My only issue with it is if I ever forget to take it in the morning, I tend to experience nausea or dizziness during the day until I remember and take the medication.
440: I have taken this medication for several years at various doses. It works extremely well when it is taken consistently, but if you are on a high dose like I was and missed even one pill it can send you into a downward spiral. As far as helping with overall anxiety it has helped tremendously but situations sometimes still can send me into major anxious fits.
441: Zoloft has worked wonders for me. I don't have panic attacks anymore and my depression isn't that bad. I tried so many drugs before this one and was very afraid to use this one but it did help a lot and I am glad I am on it. I have been on it for a few years now.  It took about a month for it to work totally on me but I did feel a lot better after two weeks.  The only thing I don't like about this pill is (sertraline HCL tablets by Teva USA)are much larger and uncoated.  I would rather take the brand name instead.  Yes I do get dry mouth and my sex drive did slow down. I also am alittle cranky if I forget to take it. But I can live with this. Before I could barely function
442: I can definitely see a difference in my mood when I forget to take it for a few days. I tend to become recluse and irritable. On the days I take it as directed, however, I am much more social and patient. I could still use some more help with sadness and irritability, but don't want to increase my dosage so am seeing a psychologist along with my psychiatrist. Bizarre and vivid dreams are very common for me, too, but do not interrupt my sleep or my day. Finally, it's helped a lot with my anxiety and stress levels. I am a physics major in college so the added stress of that to life in general makes taking this medication a wonderful option for me.Read More Read Less
443: I have been on this medication for over a year and it has made a big difference in my moods. About a month ago I stopped taking it on my own because I was feeling so satisfied with myself and life that I thought I didn't need to take it. I was wrong. After about 5 days I was back to crying over nothing, causing pointless arguments with my boyfriend and completely feeling worthless and like my life was pointless. It was the worse decision I have made in quite some time. I am not back on it and feeling good again. I see the difference it has made in my life. I can focus on the good, deal with the bad, and still be myself.     I have only one trouble and that is that I take it in the morning, but I can't sleep at night
444: I have been on taking Sertaline for about a year 200mg a day & so far it has helped. I have not had any side effects & am enjoying life again.
445: I've paranoid schizophrenia  diagnosed two years ago. It's very severe. The depression brought me to the point of suicide but, thank God, my prayers, I believe  were heard and answered when my doctor put me on sertraline. It took 4-5 weeks to kick in but when it did my mood improve substantially: I went from 0/10 to a 5/10 which is a life saver. It feels kind of scary to be this dependent on a drug but to be honest I believe Our Lady is looking out for me, so there's that. This has not been a magic pill or anything but it's a vital cruch for my mental health. I hope whoever reads this finds peace and I encourage you to add prayer to your search for healing, you won't regret it. God Bless, John.  P.s. no major side effects yet on a 150mg dose.Read More Read Less
446: In my experience sertraline dulls down all emotions good and bad. I didn't feel depressed anymore, but I also didn't feel joy or motivation. The side effects included vivid dreams, abdominal twitching, dizziness, little to no sex drive. Side affects have not fully disappeared 2 years after I stopped taking Sertraline.
447: My doctor first put me on Wellbutrin.  It made me feel the worst I had ever felt in my life.  I then was prescribed Zoloft (Sertraline) and the panic attacks are gone.  It took about 4 weeks for full effect.  Ask your doctor to put you on Xanax while the Zoloft is taking effect, so you can function.  I can go out and live my life again without any fear.  Remeber if you are feeling more depressed then normal or feel as through your condition is getting worse on any of these med's call your doctor.  It is not you it is the med's making you feel that way.  Some people experiencwe side effects with one of the medications and then a ifferent one will work.  It happened to me:)  Read More Read Less
448: I have been taking sertraline for 10 months now. Firstly, i have had times I missed doses for financial reasons, i could go about 2-3 days for the withdrawal to kick in Withdrawal from sert is not a fun experience, with things like dizziness and anxiety, with the loss of balance. Aside from those times, my side effects were moderate, having things like forgetfulness and drowsiness being the most common. Some other side effects i have noticed are things like; a very low tolerance to marijuana and alcohol, low sex drive, and occasionally high depressive states that come and go quickly. Overall I'd say 6.5/10 in treating my depression, 5/10 in number of side effects, and overall i would give the drug a 6.8 overall.Read More Read Less
449: When I first starting taking this it made me have a lot more panic attacks ecspecially through the night. I've been taking 7 wks. now and it is helping. I was having average of 5-10 panic attacks a day. Now I have around 1-2 a wk. I started out with 25 mg and moved up to 50mg. I would reccomend taking this drug, it has helped a lot. Try to bare through the beginning of it, it's worth it. The only side effect I have now is that I feel tired all the time, but it beats having constant panic attacks.Read More Read Less
450: I am extremely happy with Sertraline. It took forever for me to finally admit that I had a problem and go to my doctor, but thank God I finally did. It took me three weeks to notice any really serious improvement, but once I did it was like I finally got my old self back again.  The only side effects I have experienced is a very slight decrease in interest in sex (nothing major, just takes a little bit longer) and drowsiness. Since it has caused drowsiness, I simply started taking it at night and solved another long term problem, insomnia. Overall, I am absolutely thrilled with the results.Read More Read Less
451: My doctor has increased me to 150mg. Shortly after increasing I have become more angry, agitated and now have suicidal thoughts! Doctor wants to increase to 200mg!! I would think that will make it worse!! I seem to be fine and without these side effects at the 100mg dose.  PLEASE HELP!!!!
452: I have been on sertraline started as 50mg and then put to 100mg and then 150mg and gp is considering upping to maximum of 200mg this medication really has not helped me at all I still have my depression as it was from day 1 I still have suicidal thoughts and have attempted lack of appetite lack of sleep these tablet really are not doing anything for me
453: Mid life woman, menopausal anxiety increasing started on 25 mgs for one week uped to 50 mg and feel much better. Able to focus, better mood, and my 'brain' is quieting down. I am having some odd dreams but nothing that causes me alarm. We'll see how it goes!
454: I have been on this for 2 months ad havent felt this good in years.
455: I strated my depression medication with fluoxtine and that junk mad me feel terrible: shaking for no reason, sever panic attacks, thinking that i was dying.  Switched to sertraline after about 2 months.  Much better side effects until I realised that I completely lost motivation and the ability to concentrate.  I also quit caring about almost everything: I just couldn't be bothered.  When I started I weighed 173, 5 months later I weigh 198.  While this drug did level out my mood, it set it so low I could not function properly.  Up next: Lexapro.Read More Read Less
456: My depression and anxiety have worsened, now thoughts of suicide.  The mood swings are horrific and out of control.
457: I have been on Zoloft/Serataline for over 10 years. It works for me. I have tried other meds and tried to go off of it but can tell a big difference whenever I have. PLEASE if you are taking this medicine and it is not working or the side effects are too much for you - tell your health care provider. They will work with you to find right med/s for you. You deserve it!
458: In March, I mentioned to my MD that I was feeling slightly depressed. He prescribed Sertraline (Zoloft). Stopped after 5 days because of severe side effects (insomnia, diarrhea,nausea,headaches). Side effects stopped immediately. About a week later developed a rash, starting on torso, spreading from chin to ankles. In next week or 2 developed blisters over entire body, covering nearly every sq. inch. Very painful. couldn't sleep . This is now July. Most blisters have gone. Some scabbing remains with a few open sores. Treatment began in April and will continue for 2 more months. 5 doctors feel that (although not 100% certain) that the Zoloft caused it since that was the only drug recently introduced. The result was a condition called Bullous pemphigoid, a rare skin condition. Although I'm sure that many people will tolerate this drug, I can only suggest that they proceed with caution and stop it at the first sign of side effects. This is the worst condition I have ever experienced. Docs also mentioned that this is more common in people over 60.Read More Read Less
459: I have both acute and chronic pain most caused by steroid induced bone disease (AVN.) In the past 25 years I have had 65 surgeries beginning with a renal transplant. The last have been many joint replacements. The Sertraline has kept me on an even "keel." People always ask me how I remain so pleasnt with all my problems. I have taken the Sertraline for the past 15 years an I think it deserves the credit for my lack of depression etc.
460: do not want to stop taking because i go back to my bad self if i stop taking.
461: So I started on 100mg sertraline about 10 weeks ago and it was originally subscribed for PMDD and to take for two weeks prior my period. When I took the first dose I felt light headed and nausaues for a couple of hours but about 6-8 hours later I felt the anxiety lift and felt a nice relaxed sensation in my forehead. My head became a lot more quiet and I also became more quiet and chilled. The first couple of weeks I struggled with sleep slightly but after a while it was back to normal. Because I felt it helped with my anxiety I decided to keep taking it continuously. I kept feeling the benefits for about 3-4 weeks, nice sensations in my forehead, relaxed feeling, uplifted mood. After that time though I started to feel the effect turn in to numbness and I felt less joy and just generally detached and uninterested so I decided to half the dosage. After a week of halving the dose from 100 mg to 50mg all the good benefits returned and been stable and happy since. I haven't really had massive anxiety or bad mood for about 2 weeks now, it's been amazing, life changing, you just need to trial and error what works for you
462: So many negative reviews. I'm on setriline for one week. I took 25mg for four days then went up to 50 mg. Simple side effects first. Feeling a little hot, not a big deal, a few hours after taking the medication you may feel a little anxious but still not a big deal. Positive effect, higher sex drive, talking faster because my thoughts are not intrusive, an absolute boost in energy even if you lack sleep, the negative thoughts literally are blocked out and you are unable to focus on them. When normally feeling anxious around others, now I can talk and join in and laugh with no anxiety, sleeping less but that's because I have a boost of energy now. Listen, if you are listening to the negative reviews then look up the negative side effects of a simple pain killer, it's all the same! Even though you are fine on pain killers. Side effects are nothing compared to the positive effects from what setriline does. I highly recommend it. I also see that a majority of negative reviews are from younger people in school, so maybe it effects younger teenagers different. I'm 31 and it's worked wonders for me!! People have talked about libido issues but for me it's the opposite, constant tingling in the manhood and rearing to go night or day!! To be honest I would put a rabbit to shame while on setraline
463: This drug changed my life and my marriage. When I first took it my face felt flushed. Almost immediately I was more relaxed, stopped worrying about inconsequential things, and stopped over-reacting to people and situations.
464: Sertraline Oral Side Effects  drowsiness, diarrhea, or trouble sleeping may occur.  I have these side effects.
465: Anxiety
466: I have been on sertraline for 10 years and recently bumped up my dosage from 50 to 100mg recently.  My only complaint with sertraline is no libido. I thought weight gain was also a side effect but at my age started at 42 now at 52 I think I just needed to change eating habits as metabolism slows as we age so I'm not convinced it was sertraline causing weight gain. I lost the extra weight on low carb now for a few years and back to normal BMI. Libido though is an issue. Anxiety is debilitating so it was a trade off.Read More Read Less
467: I DON NOT UNDERSTAND THIS DOCTOR I GO TOO. HE HAS ME ON GEODON/ZOLOFT AND I HAVE HIGH LIVER ENZYMES. AND THE LEAFLET CLEARLY STATES THOSE INDIVIDUALS WHO HAVE LIVER PROBLEMS DO NOT USE BUT HE SAID USE IT ANYWAY!! SHOULD I BE CONCERNED THAT THIS DOCTOR DOE NOT KNOW WHAT HE IS DOING? OR DOES HE KNOW SOMETHING I DON'T? HES A QUACKO ANYWAY.
468: saved my life
469: Caused depression.
470: VA doctor's prescribed this for me, 2 wks ago, and took me off prozac...I feel sooooomuch better...less suicidal thoughts, better mood and easier for my wife to live with me.
471: Nothing at this time
472: Prescribed after being diagnosed with long term Generalized Anxiety Disorder and Depression. Initial reactions were strong, as had feelings of a very drunk state for first 48 hours. After that, the feelings disappeared and replaced with my usual symptoms, albeit with reduced concentration, greater tiredness/fatigue and occurrence of many side effects (almost all that are listed on WebMD) that are pretty debilitating.     There is potential for misdiagnosis of my condition as been gone through 8 months of various counselling for conditions with little effect either, but for those symptoms it was pretty ineffective.Read More Read Less
473: AT higher doses 100mg It was incapacitating. at 50mg no side effects. you must keep the dosage level in you at all times. I works very well for me.
474: My hair is thinning. I have always had a gracious amount of hair. I saw posts from others that their hair was thinning/falling out. Will be checking with my Dr. and asking him know about this side effect.
475: works well
476: It took approximately 3 months for the drug to become effective in treatment of my anxiety.
477: First tried this when I was a teenager.  After about a month, I had an irresistable urge to cut myself.  It went away a couple of months after I got off it.  I went on it again in my 20's and did not experience this side effect again.  It did help with the depression, but it took a good year before I completely recovered. Also, SSRIs in general tend to make migraines worse and for me this drug was no exception.
478: I have had epilepsy for the past 20 years with grand mal seizures occurring throughout the years, I was prescribed a medicine called "Tegretol" to control these seizures. Fast forward years later I started developing more frequent seizures and it turns out the "Tegretol" was causing low blood sodium levels and I ended up being hospitalized because of it. During my hospital visit they switched my seizure medicine slowly to "Dilantin" and this changed totally f**ked up my mood with just a really depressed feeling. I forgot to mention that "Tegretol" is also a mood stabilizer so I felt fine on it except those seizures occurring.   I did some research online and wanted a medicine that can fix the depressed mood and irratibility that I felt being on "Dilantin" and found "Setraline". Its been two weeks and I feel better, more concentration and less irritability. I feel like it evens everything out. Its no fun taking 5 pills on seizure medicine a day but then again I consider myself grateful to be alive and enjoying life.  Good luck to all and God Bless.  SonnyRead More Read Less
479: I've been taking Sertaline for 3 months now. I realise now that I was depressed and had attacks of anxiety for many years thinking I was normal. More recently (2-3 years) I have been very angry, cry at silly things, not wanting to go out, very negative, memory loss It got to the point where I thought I was going mad.  My husband made me go to the doctors.  I finally gave in and I haven't looked back.  I feel fantastic. No more crying, feel amazing.  Happy to socialize.  I never want to come off of them.  They are a life saver!Read More Read Less
480: I became very hostile for no reason.  Sertraline fixed this.  Only drawback is reduced orgasmic intensity.
481: Feel better just slowly keep gaining weight which is not OK.
482: I've been using 100mg of Sertraline daily and it has greatly improved my life. It did effect my focus and I felt slightly tired during the mid-day. However, I switched to taking it at night and those symptoms were greatly reduced. When my dosege was bumped up to 150mg I experianced extreme shaking in my hands and it was nearly impossible to focus, so I was dropped back to 100mg. It is an effective drug and I'm happy to say that it has changed my life.
483: I have used sertraline for the last 8 years, it was effective in the beginning, however recently it has not been affective. I am wondering if there have been any other patients who have had this experience?
484: I started using this drug for pmdd and continued through menopause for hot flashes. (About a 4 year period)I have not had uncontrollable hot flashes, usually one or less a day.
485: Hello Na friends I’m using anti depress more than 6months but there’s some long term side effect,I thought estrogen level was growing in ma blood,and ma chest  changed like women,who had that side effect what will be that’s future..?
486: I was put on this medicine for anxiety, OCD, and suicidal thoughts/behaviour, and it seems to have started to work 3 days ago. I'm feeling happier and calmer, and the suicidal thoughts are going. The OCD seems to be a little calmer, but not much, but I need to give it time. The side-effects I had when starting this drug were sleepiness, tiredness, decreased libido, passing much more urine than usual, thirst, urinating more in the night, hiccups, and strange dreams. They're almost all gone now, except for the decreased libido which seems to be persisting.Read More Read Less
487: My side effect is the excessive sweating (occassionally, not every day). Anyone know a cure to stop this?
488: Symptoms included:headache, stomach upset, diaharia, dizziness, chest pains
489: Stress and constant worry.
Took these eventually after refusing many times and it turned out to be the best thing I ever did.
Felt awful for first week but after my lift changed for the better.
I advise anyone in a bad place to consider these and to put up with the side effects for first week .
490: First started having panic attacks about 6 months ago, happened whenever I got into a car or had to drive somewhere that I felt uncomfortable driving to and from. Stemmed from a fear of having to use the bathroom in a public setting and not knowing where the closest bathroom is at any given time. My thoughts were always centered around "where is the closest bathroom" and these thoughts caused my relationship with my girlfriend to be strained. I started taking this medication 3-4 months ago, and at first I felt no different. It took about a month or more for me to notice anything. I am able to travel freely without worrying about these things. At times if I let my mind wander I might get the precursor of a panic attack, but I am able to subdue it into the recess of my mind. In closing, this drug is not a solution for a problem, but a "will-augmentation" drug, that is, it gives you that push you need to stand on your true ground, and not the ground that your illness shackles you to
491: Advised by my doctor to take for possible fibromyalgia.Began 25mg for 4 days,then increased to 50mg daily. I became a zombie on the 50 mg. w/suicidal thoughts & slept 3 wks of my life away. Decreased dosage back to 25mg, became back to normal into 4 day. I've experienced this drug can be scary.
492: Perscribed for depression associated with a closed head injury. Ithas been effective. Could I raise the dose to 2 100mg daily, rather than one
493: I have severe anxiety and depression that is accompanied by several crippling panic attacks a week. I had tried other drugs that made things much worse when finally my doctor put me on sertaline. It helps keep things under control for the most part. I still experience anxiety, panics attacks, and depression but compared to the other medication it is vastly improved. I take 100mg daily. Side effects that I have experienced is trouble sleeping, I wake up many times during the night, terrible vivid nightmares nearly every night, and fatigue during the day.Read More Read Less
494: I've been on this medication for about a year. My moods have mellowed, which has been GREAT. Prior to using the medication, I would get depressed for weeks/months and couldn't deal stress but now I don't have the extreme lows (highs & lows). It keeps me on an even keel.     I also had a bit of anxiety going into public places where there were large groups like bars or parties. Now, I don't feel so fearful. The difference is I may not like to go BUT I GO, rather than sit home.      I recommend it for all to try. ONLY side effect I noticed was 20 lb weight gain & not being able to lose it even when I am eating right and going to the gym.  Read More Read Less
495: This medication did make my mood better. I no longer cried all of the time, but after about a month I started having horrible nightmares! So now I have trouble staying asleep at night. This drug is not for me.
496: I switched from Lexapro to Zoloft about a year ago and it has worked very well for me.  The only down sides to it are slight weight gain and lessened sex drive but considering it pretty much got rid of my manic depression and anxiety it is worth sacrificing those two things.      One note:  for about the first two weeks you take it you will have moderate to severe nausea, or at least I did.  It passes though so don't stop taking it.  It also occurs again if you forget to take a couple of doses (as well as your symptoms coming back...).    Also, Zoloft may change the way you taste things.  I used to smoke but after about a month of zoloft the taste of cigarettes made me instantly sick to my stomach and eventually so did the smell of the smoke (I guess this is a good thing though).    Also, if your depression/anxiety was causing you not to have a good nights rest you will have the best sleep of your life on Zoloft but for first month or so be sure to schedule at least 8 hours for sleep or else you will wake up lethargic
497: I gained a lot of weight and basically lived in a fog. It also made my anxiety symptoms a lot worse.
498: it really helps some people manage depression or overwhelming emotions while working to get life on track.
499: it seems to have worked some.before my want to was there but i just didn't feel like doing the every days tasks,but now i have a little more drive to get things done
500: I have taken this medication for at least (10) years. It has worked well for me.
501: This stuff has saved my life, plain and simple. I've literally had no ill side effects except for headaches, dizziness and some tiredness upon first starting 25 mg. Since increasing to 50 mg after the first week,I've experienced no side effects whatsoever. I take this at night for extreme social anxiety and after only a month I am feeling like I fully have my life back. I would recommend this to anyone having obsessive, racing, unwanted thoughts, trouble sleeping, anxiety, panic, low self esteem or trouble concentrating.   Read More Read Less
502: Althought I was pleased with the effectiveness and ease of use, after discontinuing the drug after 2 years, there have been some problems. I have been experiencing panic attacks, and the feeling of an electrical charge underneath my skin/the feeling of bugs underneath my skin. I'm not sure what to do from here.
503: For the most part, I like this medication.  The only problems I've come across are things like:  - Decreased sex drive  - Mood swings if I miss a day  - Mood swings if the mg isn't as effective  I noticed changes immediately after I started taking it, and it has helped.  I've decided to keep using it.
504: did not make anything better. it made things worse. it didnt help my ptsd but made my life more difficult by having to take this pill that burns its whole way down everyday
505: I have taken this medication for 20 years. A dosage of 50 mgs daily. There are side effects, sleep disturbances and increased appetite but they are easier to cope with than the depression.
506: after trying and not following through lots of antidepressants over the years, i hit the jackpot the day i started taking 100 mg sertraline and finally realized i had been ill for a long time just like i was always told but could never see it.  thoughts in my head all came together instead of being scattered all over the place. i had a sound mind for the first time in my life and even though i missed my other self, i felt reborn... this is no joke, sertraline saved me after taking 6 overdoses and hospitalized 3 times. that was 10 years ago, now my doctor wants to change my medication due to having severe mood swings last couple years, sleeping for more than a 24hr shift!!!! that is a joke !!! so sleeping beauty wants to come out of her coma now but... is scared to come off her miracle tablets after being on them for so long and making me better. you see, the conclusion is because i have been on them for so long, they aren't working for me anymore?? would love anybody's advice on this and somebody's experience on stopping meds they had been on for a long time. anyway lol after taking sertraline 100 mg for just over 10 years i would highly recommend this drug and really hope it does the same miracle it done for me. p.s. they have upped the dosage to 150 mg last few months, hence been on them to long, but i have come a long way.!! now... it's just a big step to go on bipolar meds..... xxx  Read More Read Less
507: I tried taking myself off of this medication and found that after several weeks of being off of the med my symptoms came back
508: Ive only been on this medication for a week dont feel any different but its early days wii keep yous informed
509: I took this medication and it was by far the worst antidepressant I have ever tried. It didn't work at all. I had persistent panic attacks while on every single dose. I had to change my dose around 5 times, each one of them not showing any improvement. I don't recommend this for anyone who has multiple disorders and is being told to treat them all with this. I was told this would help with my OCD, panic disorder, major depressive disorder, and body dysmorphia. This medication made me feel worthless because it was so ineffective
510: Seems to help .
511: There is a difference between sertraline and Zoloft (generic vs. brand name). Not all sertraline manufacturers are the same. I take the one made by aurobindo. After taking it for over a year (after a 15 yr break from name brand Zoloft which didn't give me any trouble), I started waking up with severe anxiety a few mornings/week. I feel like something terrible is going to happen and had to take an inventory of what's going on for the day so I could calm down.I have breakthrough depression where I'm depressed for twenty minutes or so, then it just disappears for days. I get really tired but have trouble sleeping. I also get shooting pains through the side of my head and more "regular" headaches on top of my typical migraines. I've checked on this and there are issues with the generic. I'm going to see if I can switch to the original Zoloft or ask Walgreens to change manufacturers. Look up your manufacturer, check out other people's experiences and print it out to show your doc if you need to. We all know that some don't like to listen to patients. The first generic manufacturer was green-something. I did get an *extremely* dry mouth and eyes, but after a few months it got better.Read More Read Less
512: I really didn’t want to take medication at all but I eventually relented and gave it a go. I’m a 40 year old married man with a teenage son. I got to a point where I was deeply unhappy and didn’t recognise myself anymore. I didn’t think I was depressed but I know now that I was. Lack of sleep was making everything worse and I started to spiral quickly despite my best efforts not to. I must stress that the first week taking Sertraline was horrible. My biggest issue prior to taking medication was insomnia and it only got worse in the first week. My stomach wasn’t great either. If you’ve just started taking please keep going. I’ve taken it for 3 months now and I feel great. I’ve done many things alongside the medication such as counselling and a positive intelligence course but everything combined has worked wonders for me. I’m going to take for 6 months and then taper off it. I did try mirtazapine first but it made me feel too spaced out the next day. I’ve also tried to eat better, exercise more and I feel like me again. I hope this helps someone reading this as it’s completely changed my life.Read More Read Less
513: Been taking for over 3 years for GAD, panic, and mild depression.  Has worked wonders!  Gave me back my life.  Only compalaints would be, decrase sex drive, tired, and 40 lbs. weight gain.   Helped me be able to function so much that I accepted the con's because the pro's were so good!  Getting ready to decrease from 100mg to 50mg, and start Klonopine as needed.  hoping it will decrease the 'bad' effects.
514: The only problem i have with this medication is no desire to have sexual relations . Otherwise my mood and energy level have both increased.
515: I have suffered with depression since childhood.  I began this medication several years ago, I was told that once I started I would have to use it for the rest of my life because I do not produce serotonin. This drug has normalized my emotions and life is good.      I thank God for this medication.
516: nice
517: I am taking this for anxiety and depression issues. At first all was good. I had the RX filled at a different pharmacy this time and the pill manufacturer changed. This generic is making me feel awful like I am not taking anything at all. The manufacturers really make a difference. For me, the one that works is at the drug store chain that starts with a W.
518: At first I was extremely hesitant, especially since I was only in grade 10 and was terrified of the possible side effects. Of course, the first week was the worst- but I only vomited on the first day. It seems Sertraline has caused me to also lose 15lbs. I went from being 95lbs all the way down to 85lbs. I'm 18 now and have been on it for 3 years and its worked quite well. My feelings of suicide and depression have unfortunately made its comeback so my doctor suggested I go on 100mg to help. Overall, I'd give this medication an 8/10. Its easy to use, the side effects aren't terrible- so give it a chance before you completely give it up. It takes a bit to work as well (3 months for me) so be patient. I feel as if I've also become resistant to it as well (hence why I'm feeling depressed again). If you're reading this and you're scared, trust me- it'll be okay! If it doesn't work for you, you can always try something else.Read More Read Less
519: I am a recovering bulimic who was prescribed this medication for excessive anxiety stemming from an eating disorder. I was very nervous regarding the possible weight gain because I didn't want to have the possibility of a relapse, but have actually lost weight and experienced very minimal side effects (slight head-aches, fatigue, restlessness, decreased appetite). Overall, it's a great drug, but it does take a week or 2 to get the full effect. My anxiety has definitely been calmed down and I really feel like myself again. Hope this helps!Read More Read Less
520: 200mg……
Been on sertraline for 6 years.
No issues……unless I try to cut down¡
521: I had been on sertraline in and off for 6 years..  only now I had the courage to get off them I am seeing them for the silent soul killer. 
While on them, which is heavily pushed by health professionals. I thought I felt better because I didn't feel anything. Then came the detachment and the total loss of self i had experienced. I forgot my home address, my simple job taks. Who i was! 
I encourage anyone who has been on them for years and still feels funky or just not the same, speak to you doctor and see of it may be the medication that is actually the issue.. I'm not a health care professional at all but that was my experience woth this drugRead More Read Less
522: Found myself headed for a heart attack. If i continued I would have ended up dead at 23. Developed afib along with many other side effects. Anxiety turned to full on panic attacks, insomnia, profuse sweating, rapid weight loss, diarrhea, swollen lymph nodes and chest pain. No one took the side effects seriously and dose was increased. For certain I would've ended up dead. Im 4 days into stopping cold turkey and I finally feel relief. This is a scary medication. Never felt such terror in my life.Read More Read Less
523: Started taking it as an add on to bupropion 300XL which had started to loose effectiveness for my depression, 25 mgs didn't do much but 50 mgs did help. I found the sexual side effects to be very real and am making a trade off between depression and a sex life.
524: I probably was always prone to mild depression and the odd mood, but the strain of looking after my aged and ill father for about 4 years 24/7 took it's toll.  As my wife said at times it was like treading on eggshells with me.  I was put on 50mg of Sertraline and after a week or two I felt human and happy again.  I came off the tablets last week after about 3 years (had tried after one but it was too soon) and feel fine.  If I suffered any side effects then not sure what as some things could be put down to getting older although not too old, just coming up 59, but feeling tired at times and yawning is about as bad as it got.  Maybe some colic but easily sorted with the very occasional domperidone pill.    Anyway for me Sertraline was good.  Read More Read Less
525: caused a seizure took down metal pole and entrance of neighborhood after one pill
526: I had taken brand name Zoloft about 10 years ago for panic disorder & it was a life saver with the only side effect being very mild, occasional nausea. After 6 months, I got off the drug & had no panic attacks since.  Recently, I was diagnosed with depression. I requested Zoloft again because it had worked wonders for me in the past. I wound up using the generic. I've been on a low dose of 25mg for the past 4 days & have terrible insomnia (as I write this, I've been awake since 3am) teeth grinding, headache, severe nausea & diarrhea. I can't use this anymore. I just read an article that said patients tend to have more side effects with the generic vs brand name of this drug.Read More Read Less
527: Helps except for the 5 days before my period begins.  I am taking 100 mg, but am wondering if I need to up my dose during that time frame.
528: this medication was prescribed to me in conjunction with Wellbutrin for the treatment of PTSD and Depression.
529: I was fired from my job for health reasons (sarcoidosis). I have not been able to find a job and have been very depressed.  I thought I would lose my house and car.
530: This medicine has helped me greatly with my panic attacks, fears, and basic feelings of insecurity.  I should have been on this years ago, however it wasnt given to me until my menopause kicked in, and my hormones went nuts!  I told my doctor that I cry for no reason, general feelings of my world caving in, overwhelming feelings of doom and sadness.  I was in rough shape!  I truly recommend this medicine.  The only side effect I have is diaharrea which unfortunatly  is 5 or 6 times a day!  No more hemmroids!Read More Read Less
531: so ive read all of these reviewes... and now im really scared to take this med... im feeling very bad... this disqusting taste in my mouth... i havent been eating at all.. suicide has been on my mind since i was about 13 years old... i feel like its getting better but i cant handle this nasty taste, nausiea, diarrea, oh and vomiting... i felt that the reviews were really helpful... just sad thta a 17yr old took her life... god forbid anyone go thru this... but im scared to keep going with this med... kinda scaredRead More Read Less
