1: this drug has NOT improved my fears of public speaking, social interaction, and meeting new people. if anything, i am even more of a hermit now than i was when i started taking the drug 9 years ago, when i was 18. :/
2: Started on 50mg daily and suffered severely from side effects: agitation, confusion, feelings of numbness, extreme dizziness (could not drive at all), loss of motor function/coordination and memory loss. After halving my dose for a week I decided to stop taking it as the side effects were extreme. Migraines and muscle jerks are persisting throughout my withdrawals from this drug.
3: Within 20 minutes of taking my first pill of this I felt as if I had been poisoned.   It's now several hours later and I'm feeling desperately sick in my stomach and intestines.  I can barely move and almost feel paralyzed.  I pray this leaves my system soon.
4: It has worked wonders for me. I learned the hard way that I can’t take it after I eat tho or I get the vinegar and baking soda volcano effect. Just a head up for anyone who experiences what feels like intense heartburn followed by vomiting after taking this medication but can’t figure out why
5: Shortly after being put on Luvox, I had some side effects which included wild mood swings, paranoia, suicidal thoughts. I would just start crying for no reason. Or I would get really hyper, boiling with rage, and sometimes a bit paranoid.    It's probably one of those rare side effects, but this stuff didn't agree with me at all. Works great for my brother though. Thankfully, after a visit to the psych ward, I am off this poison and on some meds that actually agree with me.
6: Verrry important …drink a full glass of water with this or you will get bad indigestion
7: I started taking this medication b/c it has helped my brother so much (he also has OCD), I think I was hoping for a miracle drug. Luckily the side effects of this med have been mild for me and I have had some good times while on it. However , I'm still hoping that one day a more effective drug will be offered.....I've tried everything with no luck ( Just to name a few; Zoloft, Prozac, and Clomimpramine AKA Anafranil was the all time worst as far as side effects, DONT DO IT!)
8: it levels off anxiety
9: Most effective medication I have tried so far.
10: Unbelievable how this med works!!! I started suffering from anxiety and panic attacks. I was also experiencing chest pain with heart palpitations and started uncontrollably obsessing over dying of heart failure. I had a cardiac catheterization previously that showed a healthy heart, but still I obsessed. I started this med and I saw a dramatic change. Palpitations are rare and I'm mostly able to control a full blown panic attack (doc gave me another med to take in an emergency during a panic attack, but I haven't needed it yet). I still have to get an endoscopy (scheduled for later this month) to see if I have GERD that may have been causing chest pain/palpitations, but since the fluvoxamine has worked so well, then it's possible to conclude that the cause of my heart symptoms is anxiety. Maybe I have GERD too, who knows. But I am feeling so much better on this med! I hate that I have to take any med but when you need help, then it's for the best.Read More Read Less
11: I was prescribed this drug after trying many other antideprssants.  While I do tend to be obsessive, I do not have full-blown OCD (but did as a teen.)  My depression had been quite severe...I was hopsitalized twice (last in 1993) and had ECT treatments done.  Even though the medication specifically targets OCD, I have found it to be the best drug for my depression and have been on it successfully for about 10 years.  No side effects, except when stopping (because I ran out of the drug while waiting for mail-order to arrrive).  On the rare occasion that happens, I experience twitching and sleep paralysis.  Getting back on the drug immediately got rid of that (btw, gradual stepping down is the only recommended way of stopping the drug.)  Fluvoxamine can cause weird side effects in conjunction with other medications, so you must mention this to the doctor and/or pharmacist when adding new medications (gee...I sound like a drug commercial!)  For me, this medicine has been a wonderful friend.  Read More Read Less
12: I have been taking this for 19 years; it saved my life. I had taken sever antidepressants, which I responded fairly well to, but did not get relief from any obsessive compulsive hell 'til this. It did not work for nearly 9 weeks' remember that if you are slow to notice progress. For me, it has been a blessing. My sister is  not able to takes it; if you have manic tendencies it might make you a bit "zippy" or euphoric. I am slightly manic & experienced a bit of this however it wore off & it was the trade I had to make to be able to function. My sister is a genuine manic; this is NOT the med for manic patients.   Read More Read Less
13: Had severe panic attacks which led to depression.  My psychiatrist started me on this med 10 years ago and it has been a life saver.  No side effects except a little weight gain.
14: I was put on this medication to help with my anxiety and panic attacks and I noticed no change at all. I guess it's a comfort to know I'm taking something that's SUPPOSED to help, but at the end of the day it doesn't.
15: I took 150mg of this drug a day for 9 years.  It did work.  But it made me exhausted, I slept 16 hours a day for years.  I had vivid dreams for years and gained 65 pounds (eventually lost it while still on the med).  But it was the fatigue that really got me. I wasted a lot of years sleeping.  A caution : if you are going off of this drug do so very, very slowly.  I finally got off of it completely a month ago but I started two summers ago.  I became extremely depressed and suicidal as I was lowering the doses. When I tried to go from 25 mg to none I just couldnt handle the withdrawal.  So I stayed on it for over a year longer at that low dose.  I regained a lot of energy with 125 mg less a day.  Finally I got off of it a month ago and feel much more like myself.  This drug is strong, it works, but be careful.  It also interacts with a lot of things, so check before you take other drugs.  I have to stress using caution if going off of the drug.  I went nuts and almost hurt myself.  It was bad.  So just be careful!!!Read More Read Less
16: After taking this drug my anxixety and its really helpful. at first i was taking a whole 100 mg pill a day but it really upset my stomach. so i switch to half a pill a day. the only problem i have it that when a panic attack it is more intense.
17: Helped with my depression.  Unfortunately experienced "poop-out" after ten years of taking.  Just stopped working.  I do recommend it, side effects minimal.
18: I been fighting OCD since I was twelve years old I am now 51. My Doctor subcribe this medication about two years ago and it has worked for me. I always tell everyone that everybody body chemistry is different each person has a different reaction to certain medications. This medication has worked very good for me.
19: I've been having migraines daily X 5-6 months. I've been taking this med for the same length of time.  Now I'm beginning to think it's the medication itself.
I am beginning to taper off. I'll keep you posted.
20: I started taking this medicine 3 years ago, I was put on it for OCD I thought it was helping me and it was the best thing for me. I felt the same as I did before but I thought it was helping me internally even if I didn't notice it. I also have been having daily headaches for 6-7 years and have been to a neurologist and had every test in the book and nothing ever shows up. Suddenly, It hit me that it might be this medication. I realized that I had almost all of the side effects especially the decreased sleeping, loss of appetite, no sexual desire, not being able to reach an orgasm or maintain it, the HEADACHES, depression, and the list just goes on and on. at this point, I was done I was angry and I just quit taking the medication completely, within 1 week I feel better than I ever have before. no depression, barely any headaches, way better sleep, sexual desire is through the roof, I feel amazing. I feel like I have my life back, this medicine has stolen 3 years of my life from me where I felt nothing but numbnes and I feel amazing now
21: I suffered many years with obsessive thoughts and depression and tried several meds before my Dr. prescribed fluvoxamine.  This medication has dramatically improved the quality of my life. I cannot say enough good things about it! I have been taking it for almost 10 years and the only long lasting effect has been dry mouth, which simply makes me drink more water! I love this medication and I am so thankful to have it available!
22: I would like to post that I had a bad experience with taking an over the counter pro-biotic supplement with fluvoxamine. It took about a month of taking the probiotics but I experienced mental confusion and worse. I waited a few months and tried again and it again returned in about a month. I read about the health benefits of taking pro biotics and the gut brain connection with the majority of the bodies serotonin being located in the digestive tract. I really messed myself up because this drug has been working for me for years. Now I am having problems again. I have been looking at somewhere to post my experience. I hope this gets out there. Using an ssri with a well known probiotic should be studied and warnings posted
23: BE WATCHFUL!  My pharmacy recently switched generic brand supplier.  Within one week I felt increasingly sad and could cry at the drop of a hat.  Spoke with my Dr. Apparently generics can go 13% above/below the stated milligram dosage, and the new tablet I was taking was TOO LOW!  By increasing dosage one-half tablet, I'm back to "almost" normal.
24: Having Anxiety Disorder it worked well, my chemist then switched to a generic, i feel as though this medicine is not working to the smae standard.
25: I have suffered from ocd for years and it has caused unbearable obsessive thoughts and depression.  But fluvoxamine has completely turned my life around.  I don't live in fear of obsessive thoughts anymore and I am now capable of handling them when they pop up from time to time.  I have not had trouble focusing and I still feel like myself (I have heard some people have problems like this with the drug).  Fluvoxamine has helped me get my life back and I am extremely grateful for it.  I would highly recommend it for someone suffereing from obsessive thoughts.Read More Read Less
26: Started with Celexa (did not work at all). Then tried Lexapro, worked for a while, then noticed my OCD routines slowly coming back. My Doctor  swithced me to Fluvoxamine, started with 50 mg once daily for 3 months,no side effects, but also no results. Doctor increaed to 100 mg daily, side effects became revelant now,(insomnia,severe muscle weakness, and muscle tingling). Continued 100 mg for 5 weeks, my OCD problems did not get any better and side effects continued worseing, had to decrease dosage back to 50 mg and now looking for a new medication that will bring me some hope with my OCD......Read More Read Less
27: I wonder if sustained release might work better for me? I'm now taking 100mg, three times daily.
28: This medication gave me my life back after severe postpartum depression, and has continued to help me manage my OCD. It's not magical... the obsessions and intrusive thoughts are still there. But they're greatly reduced in frequency and intensity, so that I can actually function. I'm so grateful.
29: After fighting depression without meds, I finally had to take a medication due to the severity of the depression. When I first tried the medication I did have sexual side effects and did stop the medication. On the next attempt I started very slow, taking a quarter of the medication and when no side effects resulted, I increased the meds. I am now on 200 mg daily, which is 2 pills, without side effects. This medication actually saved my life. This is the only medication I take for my depression problem
30: Bad side effects ended up in hospital, broke out in a rash on my armpits, knees and groin. I was hallucinating, thought I could fly. Thought I was flying. Terrible nightmares, sweats.
31: It's very effective for treating OCD
32: I was prescribed this medication for OCD, however, I also suffer from Bipolar Depression and Anxiety and at times, Panic attacks. It helps with all of those. It even diminished my road rage. I would definitely recommend this!!
33: I take this med for OCD and depression. At first I felt great! I could walk through my house and not feel the need to clean it from ceiling to floor everyday. The med has helped somewhat with my counting obsession. The problems that I am having now are insomnia (which Ambien is helping with), very vivid dreams (I even hit my husband in my sleep!) and dry mouth. I plan to continue taking this med b/c it is helping more than anything else right now.
34: Within 1 day I feel my depression/anxiety gone. Felt nausea and loss of appetite at first but now I am eating so much more! Food is more tasty. Some emotional blunting though.
35: This does help with OCD.  I do not ruminate or obsess persistently about the same annoying distracting and useless thoughts. It also helps with my anxiety and a little with ADD. Mainly, it makes me a little less anxious, so I don't worry (obsess) as much, and my attention is a little better (I don't forget my keys or wallet as much) b/c again, I am less anxious.  But I need more, so I am taking VERY small amounts of clonazepam, and address the ADD with Strattera (Atomoxetine). My doctor is doing a great job so far, and we are taking small steps, very gradually.Read More Read Less
36: I suffer from depression, axiety, ocd and picking.  Since taking this medicine (13 yrs) it has helped tremendously.  This year I had to up my dose by 50 mg and OMG could notice the difference by day 2. The reason for the extra dose was because I was tired all the time no matter how much sleep I got. So my Doctor and I decided to try a little more and it has worked.  So thankful.
37: It's an excellent medication for OCD.
38: I am taking it for around 4years. There hasn't been a slight change in my lips/cuticles picking disorder.
39: stomach problem, trouble swallowing
40: this medication helps me not check the stove as often and helps with unwanted thoughts
41: My son started having very frightening, obsessive, thoughts last year when he was eight years old.  He couldn't stop the thoughts and at times he was terrified.  He started on a low does of fluvoxamine and slowly ramped up until the thoughts were completely gone.  His side effects were weight gain, longer and deeper sleep, and very outgoing, talkative, behaviors which were a bit of a problem at school.  His doctor reduced his dose a bit and now the side effects are minimal, while the bad thoughts are 99% gone.  This is an excellent medication that has saved my son's mental health.  I highly recommend this drug for anyone suffering from OCD.Read More Read Less
42: Works very well for almost everything related to OCD.
43: Powerful interaction occurs when used with diazepam.
44: i just took my first dose of this med. i suffer from anxitey, panic and depression and im dont like to take meds. can someone tell me if this is a safe med. so i can put my mind at ease please i tried other stuff but did not like all side effects
45: I was having problems sleeping and have used Lunesta which was okay them Ambien Cr which I used for a year and a half and that stopped working as well. My doctor put me on this new med to see if it would help any and I must say it has helped a little, I have a very high resistance to medication and I usually have to take high doses to take effect.
46: My OCD IS MUCH MORE MANAGABLE
47: I suffered from OCD my whole life and never went on medication because it wasn't ever very bad. Suddenly it became very intense and I was unable to leave the house. I went on just a little of this medication and not only was back to myself before the medication, but better than I have been in my whole life (I think). Within weeks, I felt motivated to work, able to leave my house, and my intrusive thoughts eased up enough to be able to discuss them in therapy. It was not  a cure-all and I still had to do a lot of work in therapy, but this medication allowed me to do so. I had severe nausea for about six weeks, though. But I would do it again for the benefits that this medication has given me. I have my life back!Read More Read Less
48: I have been dealing with interrupting thoughts which affect my daily living for years, and I tried Fluvoxamine and I felt terrible. It made me out of it, unable to think, sleepy, bad cotton mouth, headaches, irritated, although it did lighten the disruptive thoughts, but I lasted 1 week on this medication and said forget it, I can't feel like this....My search continues...... I hope this medications works for others. Good luck!!
49: theis medicine makes me very hot like im overheating ,i sweat more than before witch is alot im pre menalposil,and i cant sleep but im not so depressed and i feel good except the sensitivity to sun it makes me sweat and flushed
50: After starting treatment with Fluvoxamine my condition got better. My appetite became stable and my obsessive condition became manageable.After starting treatment with Fluvoxamine my condition got better. My appetite became stable and my obsessive condition became manageable.   I would definitely recommend this to other people plagued with psychological disorders.
51: I wouldn't call what I had OCD exactly, but it was a form of depression in which, as stress levels rose, my irritability increased.  When I found mysel thinking all negative thoughts, many of them angry thoughts, I knew it was time for another round of clonidine. It really helps. and helps me deal with stress effectively and productively, instead of just sitting and stewing.  I'd say it is close to miraculous.
52: allevated depression and OCD,but caused drowiness
53: I have been taking this medication for over 20 years for OCD. I've tried one other medication postpartum, but once I was able to get back on this I did immediately. This is a tried-and-true for me! If they ever stop making it I will have to stockpile it.
54: fluvoxamine has been a great help to my life.
55: I have been taking it for OCD since 1994 and it has been a life saver. I had been plagued with horrible, intrusive thoughts since I was 10 years old, which would have been 1971, and this drug gave me my life back. I wish I could meet the people who developed it so I could thank them in person. I would have probably ended up in a mental institution if not for this drug. I shudder to think what my life would have been like without it. About the only limitations is that I can't take Pepto Bismal because it makes it so I can't absorb the medicine and I have to wait several hours to take diatomaceous earth as it also absorbs it and makes me feel like I missed a dose. Other than that it's been great and I have not had any serious side effects. I highly recommend it.Read More Read Less
56: Great for treating Menieres Disease.
