1: I have been taking 100mg of clomipramine per day.  I believe that it helps me sleep.  I recently developed ringing in my ears which may be a side effect of the drug.  Other than that I have not experienced any side effects.
2: My doctor prescribed this after we had tried almost everything else, from paxil to MAOI inhibitors, to wellbutrin, even considered ECT. over the course of three years.  This drug ended the chronic depression when nothing else would.  It was a lifesaver.
3: I have been on this drug twice both times for depression and anxiety and twice it has worked for me. The second time I had to come off a drug to go on it and I was beginning to think nothing would sort me out so it's been a relief to get a better result.
4: Worth the side effects -- dry mouth, constipation.  Keeps me balanced and employed  -- would be a problem without it.
5: I have been on all diffrent kinds of meds for my Anxity and depression,, I was starting to have no hope, Then my doctor put me on Clomipramine and three weeks later i felt like a diffrent person,, My anxity and depression is gone ,,I feel happy again,,, Im able to leave my house without fear ,,,BEST medication ever,,,
6: I've been prescribed 25mg of Clomipramine once a day for premature ejaculation. Absolutely amazing results!  I can hardly believe the difference.  If anything this dose might be too high for me.  The only down side for me is heavy fatigue after extended lovemaking, increased thirst and occasional slight nausea.
7: I used it since about two years . It improve my mood but I suffered from lack of memory , palpitation
8: I was told this is great for OCD.Took this medicine 50mg each night for two days , had to get off of it.Upset stomach, diarrhea, sweating , heart pounding fast , bloating, extreme dry mouth, uncontrollable shaking,headache, also threw up .Also it made my feel overheated felt like I had a fever.Would not recommend to anyone, not even a worse enemy if I had one, never again it ruined my whole week .Had to stay home because it made me very sick. Even after I stopped taking it the side affects were still there
9: After three days taking this medication the side effects were awful. Sweating to the point of shirt drenched, and hard to take a deep breath. I'm looking for somthing new, and in the past been on other anxiety medication without these type of side affects.
10: Have been taking 100 mg daily, for almost a month.  Have had NO side effects whatsoever.  My OCD was so bad that I would count endlessly, every day.  This med worked almost immediately.  Would highly recommend.
11: This drug has been a life saver for me. I was in a very dark place with severe OCD and anxiety. I'd tried numerous other medications that didn't work and I had lost hope of getting better. Within 4 weeks of taking clomipramine I saw improvements. It's amazing. I really didn't think anything was going to help me but this drug proved me wrong. The only downside is the side effects, but I'd much rather tolerate them than the hell I was going through. Dry mouth, occasional shaking, weak and sore muscles (arms and legs), nausea
12: 1 dose- 3 to 4 hours later I had severe burning and stinging under the skin, especially under the scalp and back of the neck, uncontrollable shaking, rapid heart rate, extreme nausea, profuse sweating, dizzy and couldn't get up off the floor for almost an hour.  Went to hospital.  All intolerance side effects of medication.  Terrifying!
13: Suffering from invasive thoughts, anxiety, panic.It works for me. This is the only drug that gives me relief. This drug has harsh side effects. You definitely need to build it up slowly and reduce slowly when coming off. Some people are unfortunate and react harshly to this drug so consider that it may affect you too but definitely worth trying as for many people, it really works.
14: I have been taking this medication for 3 years. It helped me alot i had chronic IBS and OCD. I have tried alot of medicines to control my diarrhea and unwanted thoughts but none of them worked. Finally a psychiatrist recommended me to Clomiprine which was a miracle for me.
As i stared the medicine with in a week my diarrhea and IBS symptoms were vanished. And after using for 6 months my uncontrol thoughts were also gone.
I get back into my life.
15: I have been on clomipramine for more than 3 years, and it has worked very well for me and my OCD. Main side effect for me is constipation.
16: This medication made it possible for me to finally express negative emotions that were bundled up deep inside me. Low dose didn't do anything for me, started feeling effects at 100-150mg. Been on it for 3 weeks and can't wait to see how I'll be like in a few more weeks. It's not magic you still have to push yourself but it at least makes recovery more possible. Gave me fast heart rate but it's worth it for depression/OCD.
17: I had severe OCD (to the point of not recognizing reality).  I've now been on this for a year at 300mg.  It's worked better for me than any SRI's.  It took away about 90% and the rest I can manage.  This has been a wonderful drug for me.  I have side effects (very dry mouth and constipation), but the results are worth it to me.
18: works great but do tend to gain weight on it
19: Was experiencing premature ejaculation. After starting one 50mg Clomipramine daily everything went to normal. PE disappeared and no other side effects have been experienced. The difference with, and without it, are night & day.
20: I was on Paxil for a decade and it slowly started losing its effect. After suffering from panic attacks I realised it had stopped working. From that moment I tried everything, none of it worked. I tried mirtazapine, Wellbutrin, fluoxetine, citalopram, and pregablin. You can imagine how I felt I would never feel ok ever again as each medication failed to work after months of trying. The doctors in the uk told me there was nothing else they could try, and I was in a very dark place. I contacted another doctor who said Clonipromine was their last ditch attempt at helping me (not a great way of saying it but oh well). Within the first week I felt like a new person. I actually feel quite emotional writing this. My panic attacks are gone, my racing thoughts and spiralling are basically over. I can just let them go and that’s that! I used to not be able to be alone with my own thoughts because I would have a panic attack from them. I was constantly listening to podcasts or having Netflix on so my brain could be sidetracked from causing me distress. This drug saved my life. I feel more and more like myself each day. I was only on 25mg! I’ve recently changed to 50mg and don’t feel the need to go higher. I have had bad constipation on this and dizziness, but I’m told it will get better. I’d rather be constipated for the rest of my life than suffer the way I was. I’ve had no weight gain, I’ve actually lost weight I think due to the constipation and not feeling like eating. Each drug is different, I’ve read reviews for other drugs that made me hopeful they would work but they didn’t. This drug is the best thing in the world I will shout it from the rooftops. Thank you clonipromine you saved my life and I feel Happy and I have Energy!!!Read More Read Less
21: i HAVEN'T BEEN TAKING THIS DRUG BUT THREE WEEKS NOW.
22: Experienced nausea and minor headaches at first. And an inability to orgasm until I quit taking it. After 2-3 weeks I started to feel angry, almost to the point of rage. At other times (days) I just felt like crying. Weened myself off with half doses for the next 2 weeks. Feel better without it?
23: Inability to achieve orgasm
24: I experienced toothaches and irritated gums the day after use.  It did treat my premature ejculation very well, though.
25: This med was very effective in helping me control my obsessive thinking patterns.  I was on it for 3 months and my OCD and depression abated dramatically in that time.    I weaned myself from the medication last week because I could no longer tolerate the physical side effects.  My hands shook uncontrollably (and my boss noticed and commented).  I had terrible constipation which led to bloating, stomach cramps and gas.  I also had a real problem when trying to run or work out at the gym.  Any sort of jumping or bouncing caused severe dizziness to the point I thought I might pass out on several occasions (the room started to go black, my head got swimmy and all sounds were muffled).    I'm really disappointed that I couldn't tolerate this medication.  I was only at 75 mg/day at my max, but was on 50 mg/day mostly.  I hope I can find something else that controls the OCD as well without the side effectsRead More Read Less
26: my concentraion has been corrected
27: Sufferer from mild depression, lack of concentration, sleep disorders, lost will to continue. 3 months on this drug relieved all symptoms and made feel 'normal'. No observable side-effects and certainly no effect on libido
28: This drug had a bad reaction for me. Had heart palpitations even on 10mg. Went up to 20mg on Doctors request. Continued to have palpitations for over a week. Couldn't sleep and felt very agitated towards the end of my trial on this drug. Now weaning myself off and feel like I have the flu; feel so tired all over, cannot even stand up long enough to fix myself something to eat. Horrible chemical.
29: I have severe OCD, have taken so many different classes of meds w/o much relief. Doctor just raised dose to 75mg a week ago- had reaction with fast heartbeat, crazy loud buzzing in ears, muscle pain; along with ongoing side effects of dry mouth, flushing, sore throat and anorexia. This med did not help alleviate OCD for me.
30: Was hospitalized for 8 days. The unwanted thought took over and I vomited each time the thought entered my mind. Luvox didn't help much but Ananfranil is really helping so far.
31: Amazing!
32: I have never heard of this med before until I went to the Vet with an overall aggressisve dog that I adopted.  She has moderately severe allergies and has behavior issues with other dogs.  She doesn't play well with others.  I have 4 other dogs and a litter of puppies...  She has been on this med for 2 weeks in combination with Claritin for allergies and she is a new dog.  Her anxiety and aggressive behavior have decreased drastically.  I know this sounds weird, but dogs are treated medically very similar to humans.  And I feel this is pertinant in the big picture.  Especially if you have an animal with anxiety and aggressive behavior.Read More Read Less
33: This helped me curb the obsessive thoughts that I have had greatly. 1 obsession has completely gone away which used to occupy my thoughts probably 70% of the day.  Drawbacks are dry mouth,bad shaking(has reduced since I went down in dosage but still present).  This drug has greatly affected my life in a good way.
34: Let me start by saying I'm very hypersensitive to medications and drugs and i have anxiety and panic attacks when i feel not myself. 
One dose of 20 mg had me feeling drowsy in an hour.  I fell asleep and woke up to go to bed to find that i felt very out of it,  very drowsy,  dizzy,  tunnel vision, everything seemed numbed except my body felt like it was buzzing.  I could feel every goose bump. Sent me straight into a panic attack.  Next morning woke up for work and another panic attack realizing i didn't know how i could possibly drive myself to work.  Could barely get out of bed i felt so heavy.  Drove to work anyway and drowsiness lasted most of the day improving slightly as the day went on.  It made it hard for me to feel things like hunger or having to pee/bm. Had slight headache and nausea off and on. Will not be taking this again
35: HAS ANYONE HAD A METALLIC TASTE IN MOUTH FROM CLOMIPRAMINE?. THIS MED WORKS GREAT ON ANXIETY AND DEPRESSION. I JUST WISH THIS TASTE WOULD GO MAWAY.
36: My OCD had gotten so bad that I was hospitalized and the top psychiatrist asked how I functioned daily. This changed my life in 1 week. It has been an absolute God send. The side effects were pretty intense at first, I could not stay awake during the day after taking it at night, but after a couple of months I was fine. I still just take 25mg every night. Sometimes I feel like it needs to be increased, but I have a baby now and I can't take care of her while going through the daytime sleepiness.  By the way, I stayed on this medicine through my entire pregnancy and she is healthy and happy, no effects on her. My OCD did get worse during pregnancy though. I recommend this to anyone who has suffered with OCD.Read More Read Less
37: I  believe it caused uncontollble eating and hence wt. gain
38: this rx has been a life changing therapy. My GAD, agoraphobia, and OCD have virtually disappeared after twenty years of searching for relief.
39: I was at my wits end with obsessive, intrusive thoughts. So anxious and the SSRI I was taking was no longer working. I was placed on clomipramine and I felt a change as of the first day I took the lowest dose. I'm now at 100 mg and feel better than I have in years. The intrusive thoughts are gone and I feel good.
40: It took a while  for the medication to kick in but it did after 8 weeks. Quite effective for OCD and helps greatly with my insomnia. I rarely have panic attacks nowadays, it almost completely disappeared.
41: clomipramine verses alprazolam
42: Finally, I can relax without feeling sleepy. I am much better with this medication. Side effects the first few days then I was fine after that.
43: caused me extreme mood instability and racing thoughts.
44: Taking for anxiety. Side effects at first was flushing, shakiness, they subsided after a few days. Feel so much better. Able to relax, which is such a relief after years of not being able to relax.
45: yhtgyjttjfghcgggggsfsndfsgfxbxcbchgdffjgfjfvvjvjjjjjjjjjjjfdsaC xxvcbnmvhliyutryetrwaszvgxbhcbvnkjytr
46: I haven't experienced any side effects and the relief from circular thinking and incessant counting has been remarkable.
47: Tended to relieve more severe depression and limit chronic anxiety but severely if not entirely eliminated any libido.
48: A million times more effective than an SSRI.
49: I have bipolar and OCD.  As soon as I started this medicine i went into hypomania. I will go for a couple days not being able to sleep then ill sleep for a couple days in a row.  It has been a nightmare. Cycling between mania and depression every other day. Not to mention the constant twitching in my legs and feet that i didn't have before i started this medicine
50: i have studdering
51: It has helped my OCD very much especially at the 225mg/day dosage.  I would recommend to first-time users to start with 50mg/day and gradually build up the dosage or your mouth will feel as dry as sand.  Overall if you don't mind the weight gain it is VERY effective for OCD and it it also very affordable.
52: I suffered from crippling obsessive-compulsive disorder and tried virtually every medication on the market for that malady, to little avail. Finally, the doctor suggested this medication. It didn't have immediate effect, but after about 6 months and when combined with intensive cognitive behavioral therapy, I am now functioning like a normal human being, which is remarkable, considering the abyss in which I languished for so long.    That being said, there are serious side effects. (Ironically, the side effects appeared within days of taking the drug, but the therapeutic effects took months to fully manifest.) They include excessive bodily sweating, hypotension leading to dizziness during many types of physical exertion (though this hasn't stopped me from working out regularly), muscle twitching (including occasionally violent twitching while asleep, which I didn't notice until someone else mentioned it to me, since I usually sleep alone), and, most vexingly, a catastrophic effect on sexual function. Achieving an erection at all is difficult, and maintaining it for more than about 30 seconds at a time before it wilts is improbable. Orgasm is very difficult to reach during manual stimulation, even provided that everything else is ideal. I have not had the chance to test during actual intercourse. Libido and drive are decreased significantly, partly out of frustation, because sex now seems like such a fruitless exercise, and largely a waste of time and energy.    However, I still remain on the medicine because I've not found a viable alternative, and at this point, I've just learned to live with the sexual dysfunction.Read More Read Less
53: After 4 years of different meds for severe ocd, including literally pulling out my hair, this medicine worked like a charm and had no side effects. I wish it were prescribed more; my dr. said that it was an 'older'med and some of the newer docs didn't know about it.  Wow, is that scary or what? Has not effected my ability to achieve orgasm.
54: I  have taken this drug for 15 years except for the last 6 months. I thought i could be ok without it but i am starting back on it tonite. I suffer from panic, anxiety and ocd. I think the ocd causes everything else. It has always helped me but the side effects make me very tired for a week or so also heartburn and i even feel a little bit more panicky when i first start it again. But in the end, i feel like a normal person and have next to no panic attacks and dont feel anxious. It helps me best withkeeping my ocd under controlRead More Read Less
55: My doctor put me on 100MG of this drug and after taking one dose I had so many severe side effects I almost went to the hosptial. I had tremors, pounding heartbeat, sweating, I was so dizzy I couldn't stand, severe nausea, constipation, insomnia, loss of appetitate, numbness in my hands and feet, tired, no energy. I was so hopefull that this med would help my OCD. I am now on a different med.
56: This medication was prescribed to me for panic attacks, but it hasn't really worked to that end at all. It has, however, stopped, or nearly stopped some of my compulsive obsessive behaviors. The side effects I'm experiencing are not the greatest. They include: flushing, dizziness, shakiness, slower moving, and occasionally extreme drowsiness.
57: I am long married and have children. I have been precribed 25mg of Clomipramine tablets by the doctor for premature ejaculation under Anxiousness. I use them once or twice a week, 5 hours before sleep/performance, found them very effective in increasing the time. I prefer to use it once on weekend as the medicine takes 8-12 hours to put me under its affects and then around next 8-12 hours to get rid of its effects completely. I personally donot want to use it 24/7 due to its side affects and affecting my daily life efficiency of doing office mental work, driving etc. I sometimes get loose stomach if eaten near meal and sometimes mild sickness/nausea type symptoms only.Read More Read Less
58: I had a severe OCD attack come on, and was hospitalized for a month.  My doctor started me on this drug after the first week, and once it kicked in, it worked wonders.  The side effects are not bad, and it helps control the unwanted thoughts.
59: Felt results almost instantly. Low dose but it's helping me sleep & that's what I've needed for years. Recommend it for anxiety, depression & insomnia.
