1: anger and thoughts of death side effects. should I talk to my doctor and inform him of this? the reason that I was given this medication is that I was in a workman's comp injury that left me with moderate TBI and my c1-c7 pressing into my spianl cord with major migraines, at least 15 or more a month.
2: can this be taken with amitrip or cymbalta
3: I use this drug to help with first my Nerve pain, but it's very helpful with the Wds from Kratom(OTC pain med)
4: I have found that it takes a long time to take affect (2-3) hrs.
5: Didn't help with the burning or pins and needles in my legs and feet!
6: I take this so I can walk or else I would be in a wheelchair.
7: Prescribed at Mather hospital The psych dr. uses this to treat anxiety
I have benefitted greatly from this medication
8: No comments as of yet.
9: Began taking 300 mg 2x a day.  After 4 days I felt like I had the flu -- cold feeling/chills, inner anxious feeling, extreme fatigue and general malaise.    Stopped taking it.  Went to doctor a week later.  She asked if I'd try 100 mg once a day then add as I could.  After 4 days on 100 mg, I am beginning to have the same feelings.  AND it did not help my neuropathy pain in the least.  I will not take this medicine anymore!
10: No problems
11: was give to me for my migranes but it didnt work for that but it did help my mood i have depression and bi-polar. makes me tired though i take 600mg. 3x per day
12: Not sure if this is what is causeing my muscle ache and sluggishness
13: This medication is a good treatment for me, its works great and it is a non-addictive drug. Who ever came up with this treatment is a genius!
14: I take Gabapentin to treat pain in both legs from the upper leg to top of my knees. Gabapentin has also helped with pain from major depression.
15: Taking for permanent nerve damage in my left leg/foot after an MS Exacerbation - original Rx was for 600mg tablets - take 2 twice daily total of 2400mg.  The pain was so bad I had to take way more than the max dose recommended per day which is 3600mg.  My Neurologist added Amitriptylene HCL 30mg per day in conjunction with the Gabapentin - NOW I finally have some relief.  Only side effects are drowsiness, so I take the Amitriptylene at night with the 2nd dose of Gabapentin.
16: I feel great, It's nice to be almost pain free..100mg before bed..
17: I have been taking this drug for almost a year (600 mg. twice a day) for an apparent damaged nerve (L5) after fusion surgery. I tried Lyrica, Savella, amitriptyline, pain meds, anti-inflammatories, prednisone.  This is the ONLY drug that works on the pain that originates in my low back, goes down my whole left leg and across my left foot, into my big toe. I'm afraid to go off it!
18: seems to help with  fibromyalgia pain.
19: No side effects, easy to take, seems to help greatly with nerve pain and no siezures.
20: No noticable pain reduction
21: after my gunshot wound this medication has enabled me to handle the healing nerves.
22: I had severe sciatica pain that both limited my mobility and made it impossible to sleep.  The combination of Gabapinten and a shot of Prednisone immediately eliminated 90% of my discomfort and allowed me to sleep soundly through the night and begin physical therapy.
23: Prescribed for pain releif for a condition that evades diagnosis
24: it has helped alot i have bad tremors if i forget to take it. that how i know just how well it works
25: I WAS DIAGNOSED WITH STAGE3-B CANCER ABOUT 6 MONTHS AGO. (ALREADY HAVE HAD 2 SURGERIES FOR REMOVAL,NEEDING RADIATION & CHEMO, NO INSURANCE WILL COVER TREATMENT). A NEW ENT PERSCRIBED THIS MED, BESIDES USING NORCO. MY MOTHER ALSO USED THIS DRUG FOR CANCER PAIN W/SIDE EFFECTS. I'M A BIT SCARED TO BEGIN THIS TREATMENT. ANY ADVICE ? SIDE EFFECTS SOUND MUCH WORSE THAN THE OFFERED BENEFITS. SOMEONE PLEASE ADVISE.  THANX  VICTORIA
26: I was prescribe Gabapentin for nerve pain due to herniate disc. This form of treatment did not appear to help with pain.
27: WAS USED IN CONNECTTION WITH BUPRENORPHINE WITH BOTH COMBINED, IT WAS VERY HARD TO GET OFF OFF. IT TOOK LONGER TO REDUCE MY USEAGE.
28: I began taking this for occipital neuralgia while awaiting definitive diagnosis. Amitriptyline not very helpful, made me too groggy during the day even taking only at night.  First dose of 100 mg helped immediately (but I conked out for 5 hours!), so we slowly increased to 300 mg in a.m. & 400 mg in p.m. without the same sleepiness happening.  Has kept excruciating pain under control, but now have developed swelling in feet & ankles with terrible pain in knee & ankle joints! I just figured out that this is med side effect, as it is improving as I taper off of it.  No longer feeling like I have a flu-like illness and loss of appetite either.  Wish I had not had such bad side effects, because it really seemed to help.Read More Read Less
29: Have neuropathy from knees down. Diagnosed 3 years ago and have taken Gabapintin ever since. I have no side effects except it feels like I have socks on when I don't.
30: I have been on this drug for a year, 300 mg at night. I have extreem pain if I don't take it! But, I am also very off balance, and have a difficult time thinking until it wears off in the afternoon. I can sleep on the drug but can barely function.
31: It has helped with my trigiminal neuragia but not my chronic inflamation and fibramyalgia.
32: hiv positive.  I've been told that I have "neuroupathy," yet no one can tell me exactly what the definition of that word entails.  Gabapentin works though.    They thought I would be in a wheel-chair by now and that it would either "go away, or it won't"... I chose that it will.  I walk only with a cane to ease others minds; and so people don't think that I'm drunk...lol.  Godsend?  Perhaps.  Necessary?  For now.
33: After brain surgery I was given Dilantin. After a trip to the emergency room and other situations boom I got this. Now taking both meds makes me tired all the time, dizzy just over all not very happy.
34: made me sick all the time
35: had injury to head cause studding ease that up with the first few doses.
36: I've just started taking this medication for neck pain. So far I haven't noticed any improvement but was told that it has to be taken for a while to take effect.
37: It has not relievd the pain, but has take the edge off, if i stop taking it pain is horrific.800 mg 3 times a day
38: I've been taking 300 mg twice daily for 2 days due to facial neuralgia. I've already experienced decreased facial pain!  The only side effect I've had is dry mouth.
39: Gained weight rapidly, emotional,much higher blood preasure sleeping or in a wakeing daze. Pretty sacry drug
40: I had a severe itch all over my bodys still going to doctors to see why my blood doc gave it to me it is the only thing that helps.all antihistamines made it worse.
41: Drs. diagnosed me as partial seizures. Still having glitches in brain. Brain is clear. This is not seizures. Meds didn't work.
42: Had recent problems with sleeping/insomnia past 9 + mo.  Have always had restless leg syndrome, but never affected my sleeping until recently - neurologist recommended Gabapentin as RLS could be the problem.  Started with 300 mg, now 600 mg.  Initially helped a bit - sleeping 2-6 hrs per night.  Recently, I feel as though it is affecting my digestive system.  Had a couple of drinks on nights I did not take meds.- got stomachaches/could not process the alcohol.  Also, tough to digest foods like salads have all of a sudden cause stomach/digestive problems.   Read More Read Less
43: taking 300mg. 3 times a day for 2 weeks little if any help any suggestions? pain  in left foot after back surgery
44: Taking this for shingles pain. Have taken it for 4 nights as prescribed. Think it helps a little while I sleep. Started the 2 dose a day this morning. Have not felt any relief at all today. Hopefully it will start giving me some relief soon.
45: Neuropathic foot pain of unknown origin-when med was started I was ready to end it all from tortuous pain. Med helped alot, though have needed increases and I do again. Burning,numbness tingling remain but the med helps alot with stabbing, shock wave pains.
46: I was ramped up to 800 mg 4X daily over 5 years ago due to chemo-induced peripheral neuropathy. Gabapentin effectively controls the pain of my neuropathy, which felt like constant electric shocks.  It does not control the numbness, which is difficult to live with. I have had occasions when I missed my usual routine and after missing 3 doses, I go into classic withdrawal symptoms--body aches, sweats, chills, nausea. I have one increasing side effect, tremor. I cannot take capsules or large tablets and the size of my pills has made it hard to use. Gabapentin is very important to my quality of life.Read More Read Less
47: back and hip pain
48: I had positive experience most of the time. (approx. 3 mo) then I started developing extreme bloody nose issues.  Would take from 15 min to 1hr to get controlled. I wish I could find a way around this, as I really felt better while taking it.
49: has not relieved the numbmess in leg
50: iam on 300mg three times a day  i was taking lyric but it was affecting my eyes it is not doing the job any longer
51: not sure if its working or bot, still experience pins & needles in hands and forearms
52: I have back problems (L5-S1) and Restless Leg Syndrome (RLS)...for which I took the REQUIP.  It made me VERY nauseous!  I made the switch to Gabepentin, but still had pain...and "fiscticulations" (sp. (My calves move and pulsate on top of .  It's a B---c!  The Gabapentin does not make me nauseous, but at 900 MG a day (300 mornings and 600 before bed) I felt my depression CRIPPLING and wondered at the physical versus mental effects.  I stopped.  It's only been 4 days......(Requip is handy if needed).....but I think I feel better psychologically already!  I may have to go back to it....but am not looking forward.   Incidentally..a muscle relaxant (Baclofen) also goes with it for MAX results.Read More Read Less
53: they help with my pain but make me feel funny
54: had some diff swallowing wish the capsule could have came in a tablet, then broken in half.
55: It has helped with my seizures a lot but it seems I've gained a lot of weight while on it.  Plus, my memory and concentration are bad, making it difficult for me to keep up with my online studies.  I may have to discuss this with my doctor and see if there may be other medications I can take.  I'm afraid of having seizures again, though.
56: I have had chronic pain for 20 years, I take pain med and also Gabapentin.  Has not helped and believe it is making me more tired than I am normally.  I am going to have my doctor take me off of it.
57: very light headed
58: I HAD A MAJOR ACCIDENT I TAKE 3,600MG A DAY TO CONTROL NERVE PAIN IN A PARALYZED LEFT ARM. I HAVE JOINT PAIN RESTLESSNESS AND FATIGUE. I WOULD LIKE HELP ON OTHER OPTIONS POSSIBLE COMPLICATIONS WITH TAKING THIS AMOUNT.
59: I've been taking Gabapentin for about 3 months now and this is the only drug that has worked for me without giving me lots of side affects. When I first started, it made me sooo sick, I broke blood vessels in my face. After my body got used to it, it has been the BEST!  I take 1500 mg at bedtime along with 100 mg trazodone. The only thing is, it wears off after 10 - 12 hours. I take Tylenol or Advil as needed until my next dose of Gabapentin. So far, no side affects.
60: Been taking Neurontin for over 15 years for diabetic neuropathy nerve pain different parts of bady.  Only problem I encountered was when I first swallowed pill, there was "burning" in my (stomach/????).  After pill took effect, pain was gone.
61: 1st dose,1 - 300mg last night.  The dr isn't sure what I have RA, fibro...it's frustrating.  But I've had so much pain all over my body she wanted to try it.  I'm glad I took it on a Sat. night, I can't imagine going to work this morning.  I feel high, groggy, out of sorts.  It's taking me forever to get my thoughts together to write this.  My dr. didn't talk about the side effects with me at all. I'll have to wait to see how long this feeling lasts.  And I'm thankful I didn't take 2!
62: I took this drug at 600 mg at night for restless leg syndrome.  It caused me to have bad joint and muscle pains but helped the RLS for three weeks.  It made me so sleepy during the day I had to stop while driving to sleep and couldn't get up easily in the morning.  It stopped working at all after 3 weeks and made RLS worse.  Now I am supposed to start requip.  scared of those side effects too! I have had RLS since my mid twenties!
63: psycological side affects similar to anxiety  or quitting smoking
64: Begged my doctor for hot flash relief just when the HRT negative trials hit, so he had me try neurontin/gabapentin.  Have been on 5 years of use and have reduced dose twice.  Now taking 100 mg in morning and 200 mg at night.  Sleeping so much better and hot flashes way down, hardly at all.  Like any drug some people will have side effects and others not - I'm so glad in my case this works great and relatively small dose has done the job.
65: I started takin it this June of 2010 for a pinched nerve in my lower lumbar back caused from2 bulging discs. I had tried back injections, every 2 weeks for over 6 mos.and it did not help at all,nothing did. Dr. then prescribed Gababpentin and at first i was drowsy, and really stopped taking it and then i got sobad i tried it again, and it has helped improve my pain. It does not take it away, actually im getting worse with Rheumatoid arthritis, but it makes me feel generally better. Physically, and actually mentally! i dont know if it has something in for mood, or to be happier but i am when i take it and can get more done.Read More Read Less
66: I have taken GABA several times before post my C6 C7 surgery. Don't feel good as I keep stumbling,can't lead a normal life,sweat profusely at times feeling fuzzy in the head....believe this time around got to take for 3-4 months.
67: I have pain from a disc bulge at L5-S1. I started with a low dose and gradually increased it up to 300 mg in am and afternoon and 600 1 hr before bed. It works really well in combination with codeine (1/2 pill). I'd urge anyone that is prescribed it: start off slow, even if you have to halve a pill; give it time, it took several days and increases to get a good outcome. and try to hang tough with the side effects, eventually they will decrease or go away. one side note, the half life is about 8 hours--so that means i had to take the next dose about 7 hrs after the last dose to keep it steady in my system. good luck to all, and don't worry if some look at you crazy if you have pain, eventually everyone gets back or nerve pain, and then they come around to knowing how you feel!!Read More Read Less
68: My doctor prescribed this drug along with cymbalta for anxiety and I have to say it works wonderfully
69: This seems to be causing me more tigtness and pain in my legs.  I want to get off of them.
70: I thought it would give more pain relief.
71: Causes me to be dopey and I find it difficult to function.
72: I was put on this medication when I got diagnosed with fibromyalgia. I was on it for 3 months and it did not help with any of my pain. The only thing Gabapentin helped me with was my RLS (which was nice) but that's not why I took it. I wanted my pain gone and it didn't help with any of that. I will say, not everybody reacts to medications the same way, it is different for everyone. With that being said, do not be afraid to take this medication either. I had zero bad side affects and I am someone who usually gets all the side affects possible
73: Prescribed for depression. No improment. I have gained weight, and it keeps on going up. Dizziness and fatigue. I now fall asleep during the day, sometimes for 3-4 hours, and am still able to sleep at night. Calling my doctor today, as this drug has not imoroved my depression.
74: It has help me for years and I can not stop it if I do the paine is there all the time.but I'm on 6 pills a day I would like to get down to 3 a day could I. Thank you  [Sciatica]
75: caused me to have severe anger issues
76: I was given this drug after an accident that caused injury to spinal disks with resulting arm pain and numbness in fingers. I was on the road to recovery with cortisone but this drug seemed to speed relief of numbness in my fingers for which I am very grateful. I only took 300 mg. at nighttime and did not need to increase. It also gave me a good night's sleep!
77: It takes about a week for the gabapentin to work.  During the first week I felt dizzy, had "spaghetti"arms and walked "funny".  However, My doctor told me about it so I wasn't worried. Maybe some of you were not well informed by your doctor.  It helps my fibro.a lot.
78: Taking it f or six months,Some results in reference to aleviate the burning pains, hovever the swuolen lower legs and feets are present every day .I don't know what is worse.  I also notice some lack of coordination and loss of memory
79: I was given this drug for Fibromyalgia. So far it has eased my pain's tremendously. However, I need to get in touch with my doc. I have been on it for a week and am getting constant headaches, headpressure, tingling of the scalp. I think it may be my body becoming adjusted to the new drug, so far it has really helped me deal with the fibro.
80: Has anyone had a problem with acid reflux and gas from this medication. I've been off it for a week and these symptoms are very bad. Also very light headed and concentrating is very hard. Will these symptoms go away. It works very well in relieving pain, from pinched nerve in neck at C3-C4, but the side effects suck.
81: This Medication Has Help Me With My Nerve Pain, And Also Helped With Bipolor.
82: alittle sleepy and some shaking
83: The best thing is that I'm able to sleep 8 hours a night for the first time in 20 years and my neuropathy in my feet has decreased.
84: nerve pain-does not work and brain fog big time kept me up all night for two nights now
85: I use it for G.A.D. (anxiety) and Bi-Polar. It helps but I am on 4,000 MG a day. A high dose! It makes me feel good but my mind races on it. It's also so addictive. I tried to stop it before and it feels like you're dying. My personality has changed. I'm going to eventually get off of it. I cant focus at all. It puts my ADHD into full mode. Very addicting drug. Once you have a dose over 300 MG after 2 months your body really adapts to it. Be Careful, there's not enough known on how it treats mental illness.  Read More Read Less
86: I have been taking this drug for about 6 weeks. My sleep habits have improved and pain has noticably decreased. Much improvement.
87: seams to be working  not completely 600mg 3 times a day may need a stronger persception
88: I take 100mg. 3x a day and the pain in my legs and feet  are unbearable I was on Lyrica but it cause swelling in my legs and feet and this medicine does the same thing.
89: seems to help with my back pain, but I am having heartburn and am wondering if this is a side effect.
90: The brand name worked and had no issues and then I started taking the generic form. The generic form did not work and only made the nerve pain worse and made me mentally unstable with thoughts of suicide and irritable and mean.
91: I have diabetes neuropatic pain all over my body everyday all day long for years no matter what pain pill they give me nothing helped. i'm taking gabapentin 300 mg it helps with the pain no pain all over my body. i have pain in my shoulder than was a severe pain but it ease that pain a little, i just started taking that medication a week ago, I"m hoping it completly take away the shoulder pain.  But the side effect is not to good  confusion, weakness a little but trembles my hands jumps a lot uncontrollable at time.  do anyone knows if that will stop?Read More Read Less
92: I am on this to prevent severe migraines. I am now on 400mg 3Xdaily. It does seem to be helping and I'm not having any side effects, except some weight gain.
93: I've taken gabapentin for at least 7 years and cannot notice marked improvements in leg pain.  However, I've undergone 2 heart bypasses and my legs may be stripped of veins needed to conduct blood.  I'll talk all this over with my internal physician.
94: I have tried one other prescription for my restless legs, but it made me feel extremely tired and lethargic all of the time. The Gabapentin works well for my restless legs even though every so often, I will have a night of restless legs. When that happens, my doctor changes the dosage of my prescription, then all is well again.
95: used for restless legs and feet
96: Causes abdominal bloating. Does not treat the pain consistently. Causes confusion and dizziness.
97: I have MS and much pins-and-needles pain in my legs, feet and mid section.  I am unwilling to take the daily injectable meds for MS. So my neurologist has me on gabapentin, 1800-2400mg daily.  I still have pain, BUT SO MUCH LESS.  I have some moodiness, memory issues and weight gain, though I am not convinced it is from this med, (these side effects are common with MS)
98: After taking 300mg 2x day hot flashes ceased.    Unfortunately after about 4 months of no hot flashes (had been going on for 2 years) they are starting again.  Just 1-3 a day at this point so I believe my body has become use to the dosage so I plan on speaking with my doctor to increase. It really did make a difference.
99: still cannt get up in the morning and its hard too go through the day. my meds are gab. 300 mg capsule.
100: I had very bad side effects from taking this medication, the worst being a feeling of slurring my words and a kind of disconnect between my brain and my body.  I felt like I had to really concentrate on what I was saying and that I had difficulty with motor skills.  I felt very sleepy, also.
101: it actually helps take away the pain and i get a good nights sleep.
102: I have been on this med for a few months now.  I take 1200mg in am and again at night. I do take lyrica for restless legs but continued to have this awfull feeling in my legs like the circulation was cut off. It was so bad and constant that it affected my entire day.  I startrd this med at 600 mg in am and pm and got immediate relief.  After 2 increases it continues to be a blessing.....except.....I have put on approx 15 lbs in the mid section. I, just this morning, started the second increase in dose and am hoping it will not bring on another weight gain because dieting does not seem to take it off or keep it from happening. I can't imagine going back to that awful pain in my legs tho.Read More Read Less
103: I started on 300mg.  Eventually it was noticed by others and then myself that I was far more irritable and would act way out of the norm for me.  I would rather be in pain than be like that.  So I have had to get off the medication.  The med worked, but the side effects were too much.
104: unknown cause of nerve pain    started 300mg a day- now 900mg a day  life saving for me- nothing else worked for nerve pain.  no side affects after 2 years.  still small amount of pain each day, but nothing like it was prior to starting gabapentin.
105: I started taking this after a spinal fusion because the Dr forgot to remove a bone spur on my spine. I feel it does nothing to help wiith pain. I have been taking it for over 6 months now and have to have an epidural every 2 weeks.
106: My mother uses gabapenton for diabetes associated neuralgia.  It has made a major difference in her comfort level. My concern is how does it effect her MS.
107: I've been on Neurontin x 4years following a ruptured disk with chronic, residual neuropathic pain. This is the only drug that totally relieves my pain.  It is the perfect "other" option to addictive opiate  drugs.  It takes about a month of cinsistent use to get the optimum effect.
108: just started. I think I have felt a calming of aching nerve related body pain and mood.It's only been 1 day,
109: I have been on it  for 5 years.  The first year it didnt seem to have  any side effects then  it caused loss of balance and then edema and  now heart problems I feel like it is going to kill me! But I am having a hard time getting off. It really helped dramatically at first  then it started causing problems now I get bad tremors if I dotnt take it
110: When I first started taking this, I did not see that big an improvemtn.  I had to stop taking it for a while, an thats when I found that it had indeed been helping more than I had given it credit for.  Now I take 300 MG X 3 a day, and I know how well it actuallt works.
111: It has helped with the back pain and hip pain.
112: Used for RLS associated with sleep apnea syndrome. Reduces severity of RLS and allows for six or seven hours of uninterrupted sleep.  Reduces urge to urinate.  Reduces thrashes of legs and discomfort.  Began with 300 MG dose raised to 600 and finally find 1200 effective.  I have severe sleep apnea and disruptive RLS>  I have used CPAP every night since 1991.  I have previously used Ropinerole but developed allergies to it, worst among this was heavy mucous flow.  Do not yet notice problems from Gabatentin.  Read More Read Less
113: grogginess and confusion the next morning
114: I was diagnosed with Fibromyagia Because my insurance wouldn't cover Lyrica. I was force to take the alternative which was the Gabapentin. Which has not helped very much. The pill that I take is generic because the brand name is so expensive. It's not a coated pill and it is absolutely HUGE. Its very hard to swallow and is very bitter in taste.
115: I have severe diabetic neuropathy throughout my entire body. It was incapacitating at times. The gabapentin has worked a miracle for me. It eases my pain so I can function. Yes it makes me tired. The benefits however out weigh the side effects. This drug enables me to sleep through the night. Something I hadn't been able to do in years. It's a godsend.
116: I have severe night and day sweats and pain all over my body This drug is not helping at all.
117: stools a little pink
118: I have neuropathy of the feet and gabapentin has done nothing for me after 2 months of treatment.  My docotor says to wait 4 to 6 months for results...I think that is crazy but what do I do??
119: My doctor has put me on this med 2x's for depression & severe anxiety. It is kind of ironic since I also suffer from fibromyalgia & chronic myofascial pain disease. Both times being on 1600mgs daily, I still wake frequently, suffer from pain, anxiety has stayed the same & I feel my depression has worsened. She is ADAMANT to keep me on it. I find no reviews or studies using it for mood behavioral treatments. Are there any out there? I would like to know if anyone is using it for this & if there is any success.   Read More Read Less
120: This medication was prescribed to me for neuropathy, which affects my legs from the knee down to my feet. All was well until I got up to full dose and my legs would start shaking. I had 5 falls while on this medication, one of which fractures my pelvis. 10 days in the hospital because I was also having hallucinations. Many of the elderly are prescribed this medication. I wonder if the fall risk in nursing homes 
would be lessened if a different med was prescribed. There are other options.
121: I've had neuopathy for 6 years.It has gotten worse over the years and I now take 2700mg a day along with other medications.But it does keep me comfortable,especially when at night when it is the worst for me.
122: In April 2011 I had neck surgery, and although my arm wasn't going numb anymore after the surgery, I am still having severe pain in my right shoulder and in my neck.  My Dr. prescribed this drug.  I had taken it for about 4 weeks as directed and I had a few episodes where my arms would itch and swell, but didn't realize it was this medication until I started back on it a few days ago and I woke up itching the other night, my whole body had a rash, I was swollen all over and was having difficulty breathing, after taking some benedryl, it started getting a little better, I am going to contact my Dr. to let him know the side effects.  I won't take this medication again.Read More Read Less
123: makes me very sleepy and can not take more and function
124: This was for neck nerve pain, as I kept coughing and clearing my throat. (had whole in espphogus 2008) At first doc started me on 300 ml it was great for the problem, but I was woozy in Am at work. Other doc just lowered to 200 ml 3 x day. That seems to do nothing much. It makes my throat really hurt, hard to breathe (hurts chest). I am still clearing my throat and coughing. What now? I am so sick of trying things, when nothing really works.
125: I realize, even though it takes up to four weeks to feel the full affect, I knew after the fourth day, that this drug is not for me. It made me feel like I was on a constant high. I took it at night and felt extremely groggy during the entire day. I could not drive or even function responsibly. I feel like this affects your mental mobility, so it probably works well for those whom have mental issues or seizures. Not for pain treatment. Thumbs down.
126: An ineffective product.  Should be taken off the market.
127: Iâ??ve only been taking 100 mg once a day for the last week. Almost an immediate improvement. Knee pain, inflammation & stiffness is gone. Lower back & ankle pain is gone. Easy to go up & down the steps, take longer walks & feel better overall.
128: I have been taking Gabapentin for a few years now and I use to have pain in my legs and restless legs all night long and since I have been taking Gabapentin all that went away.
129: I have just started taking this drug.  Not to sure if it is working.  Has anyone had the sideffect of headache and a very stiff upper back?  I have had chronic back pain for 28 years and 3 surgerys.  Would like this to work.
130: i just started taking Gabapentin 300 mg 3x a day for severe lower back pain and its been working great. the doctors still have no idea whats wrong with my back but i won;t give up until i get an answer...at ;east now i have something to ease the pain. i do get a little loopy and feel tired most of the day but i'm hoping these side effects will wear off in time...the ease of pain out ways the side effects for me for sure.
131: TAKEN THIS DRUG FOR TWO MONTHS THREE TIMES A DAY NO HELP AND I BELIEVE OTHER SIDE EFFECTS
132: I was titrated up to 300mg. 3 x a day after also being dx''d with essential tremors.  The med did miracles for chronic neck pain but at this time the tremors are beyond belief....dr. does not feel it is this med but the timing of titrating to this dose and the increased severity of the tremors seems more than coincidental...I'm going to titrate off of it to see what happens then..
133: Made a post reguarding this drug back in Dec07. Was taking it for severe SCIATICA from disk damage.While it worked really great for the pain,I just could not seem to get rid of the side effects after 2 months. Switched to Lyrica (pregablin)about a month ago,much better,don't have the drowsiness and "out there" feeling. It's expensive ($180 for 100 here in Canada) but worth it.
134: its help with sleep does good with nerve pain but has some side effects very tired when I first  get up.
135: I was prescribed this drug for migraines in association with a tramatic brain injury. I have light and noise sensitive migraines.  It took me from weekly migraines to monthly migraines.
136: I have a pretty much destroyed disk L5/S1. I was showing signs of neuropathy. Dr. put me on it 300mg x 3 a day. The only complaint is that it makes my legs feel like jello.
137: when you have pain 24/7 and your doctor says try this and BANG! it's all gone what can you say but THANK YOUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUU!
138: This drug has be effective for leg pain but, I believe it is causing a side effect of light headiness and dizziness.
139: no change in the burning and pain in both my feet.
140: Fibromalgia.  I am able to sleep at nite.
141: works well but,dont releave the pain that im havin but works alright i guess..
142: started taking this med following a cervical fusion almost a year ago. It has been a godsend for me.. before taking I had terrible burning pain and felt like nerve endings were on fire. This med.has calmed the nerve pain down to a level that I can function very well -and sleep thru the night.I take 300 mg. three times a day with no after effects.
143: Gabapentin was prescribed for neuropathy after chemo, and I had very small change in the pain in my hands, I slept better and had few hot flashes. Excessive weight gain and tiredness, as well as swelling in my joints made me discontinue the med.
144: still having numbness in left thumb after 9 wks after neck surgery  taking 300mg at bed time only
145: This med didnt help my pain at all! Infact I got very depressed on it and couldnt stop crying. Plus my doc didnt meantion to me that if you stop this drug you may have seizures.
146: I have PHN nerve pain from shingles I had in 1988. I have had no real relief for the pain.My Dr. prescribed Gabapentin and I just got my first 'script from pharmacy. I hesitate to take a drug that I am not familiar with. Therfore I am looking for more info. than I recd. from my Dr. Is it a Opiod or addictive drug. I appreciate any help concerning this issue. Thank You...
147: I have severe Neuropathy in the my legs and a feet and take is for the nerve pain and cramps at night, works great.
148: I had an L4-L5 fusion 5 years ago. I have had numerous epidurals for nerve pain in my leg and hip due to nerve damage caused by scar tissue from the fusion.  I have been on gabapentin 300mg 3X a day for 8 months. It has improved the nerve pain considerable. Can sleep at night.  However, have continuing bouts of dizziness, light-headedness and oh, so, tired. Doc told me I have been taking it long enough that I should not be experiencing these symptoms.  Anyone else dealing with these problems?
149: I started taking the medicine when I had fail back surgery I have had 3 back surgeries and several other procedures. I have pain in my leg and I may dr just increased me to 300mg 4x's daily it hasn't helped.  Do not want not want to increase.  My BP and HR has increased and blurred vision.
150: Taken for fibromyalgia, I find a SMALLER dose works just as well, if not better than a larger dose. I have SEVERE fibromyalgia, I have taken gabapentin for 4 yrs. I take 400 mgs 5 times per day. A higher dose made no difference in my pain and so I lowered the dose. I have not had to increase my med for 12 months.
151: I'm a healthy 45yr old and was given Gabapentin after working with my psychiatrist on what would work for my perimenopausal symptoms; mood swings, anger flare ups, anxiety, hot flashes, and trouble sleeping.  I had to work with the dose to find what worked best and have been taking 600mg per day (2 100 mg 3x's a day) and the results have been outstanding.  It has completely adjusted my personal body temperature to a normal range and stopped the hot flashes. My sleep is much better and I finally feel like "myself" again for the first time in a couple years.  It does make me a little dizzy sometimes but nothing major at all.  I love that this drug has few interactions and I can easily increase the dose a bit should my symptoms worsen just before my period
152: It has really helped with "pinched nerve" pain in my lower back and down the back of my leg.
153: it made me gain weight! but it helped my nerve pain
154: A rash around the mouth and nostril area breaks out twice a week. Hydrocortisone ointment seems to clears it up completely. Please tell me what is causing the rash.
155: Take 600mg 3 times daily off label use. No side effects at all.
156: Seems to help with some of the pain after experiencing Herpes Zoster (shingles), on my neck, face, chin, and the back of my head in my hair.   At least I can feel somewhat normal, and continue on my daily routine.  Could not before the medication.
157: Prescribed to me "off-label," for anxiety and/or depression. Taking 200mg, three times a day.  They work so well that I often don't bother to take them mid-day, but I know that I have missed a dose when I begin to get irritable and critical of everything, and when excessive negativity starts creeping into my thinking.  Great for a good night's sleep also.  More is not better however, as long term and especially short term memory suffer with higher doses.  Only experience slight "hot-flash" type withdrawal if I stop taking them, and only for a day or less.  Helped also with a recent kidney stone by allowing me to relax.Read More Read Less
158: I was hoping this medication would aid in my condition since I am receiving injections every 3 weeks. The effects of this drug are minimal, at best.
159: After taking this drug for a month, I turned into a very angry person. I walked around mad all the time and would fly off the handle for no reason. As soon as I stopped taking it, I returned to my old self. If You find yourself feeling angry all the time, it may be the drug.
160: I have had years of horrific pain due to spinal stenosis. I've been treated by 4 different pain doctors who used different methods, but nothing worked. I was then put on gabapentin. Once it kicked in it has been  amazing. The terrible pain is gone and I can get around so much better. I feel very grateful. So far, I take 2-300 mg capsules daily. I often feel quite tired but, though I think it is due to a medication, I take other ones that can cause that effect as well so I can't tell which med is causing it or if it's a combination. I try to accept it as a trade off. My pain was unbearable for many years and I was so exhausted from fighting it I don't know how much longer I could have gone on that way. I feel grate-full that Gabapentin saved me!Read More Read Less
161: I started this med at 8/14/09 which at the time it was given 100mg,3 times a day.It did not make a differance with pain control dr, then put me up too 600mg three times a day,i took this med for only 8 days in wich time I was dozzing off anytime and anywhere,i called my dr, who said OH! SORRY, it was for only 300mg 3 times a day, which has been only for 2 days now, Wow what a doctor,nurse and pharmacy,who not once caught this What is the meaning of this to me and my physcial health,I have a lot of health problems and I truly count on all of my care givers to protect me and give me their upmost attention and care. now I am scared and unsure of them all where do I go from here.Read More Read Less
162: Has done wonders with my nerve pain,hot flashes,moodiness and my anxiety.  It does make me dizzy at times and I sleep a lot.
163: Did help with my walking,feet "sleeping", etc. It's easy to use since it's just a pill.    The problem with it was a very bad rash on both arm and back of hand; very dry mouth especially in the morning when my tongue was sticking to the roof of my mouth. I was  using the generic, which I've told was the wrong thing to be taking for neuropathy.    Now, I'm only using Benedryl (sp) caps and ointment on my skin.  Not helping too much.
164: My Father just started takeing it, I have no review.
165: I have used neurontin in varying doses since 2002. It has been a reliable help and has kept me from totally losing my mind. MS is such a strange and uncertain disease but I can always count on this med to give me the relief I need. I would gladly recommend it to anyone dealing with neuropathic pain.
166: NERVE PAIN IN BOTH ARMS AFTER A EMG TEST FOR CARPEL TUNNEL. I AM 78 AND USUALY VERY ACTIVE, THE PAIN WAS SO SEVER I COULD NOT EAT OR SLEEP, NOW I AM WAITING FOR MY SURGERY, BUT TAKING 100MG. THREE X A DAY, I CAN EAT, WORK AND SLEEP
167: I was prescribed this medication after being hit by a car as a pedestrian.  The accident caused severe pain in my neck and entire back. I had 1 torn disc in my vertebrae along with 2 ruptured discs and a bulging disc in my sacrum spine.  My cervical spine had 2 ruptured discs as well.  I could not function without this medication. After looking at the side effects, it explained a lot of symptoms I've been having. Weight gain, fatigue, weakness, feeling flu-like symptoms along with shaking and loss of coordination
168: Prescribed to elderly patient under my care for neuropathic pain centered in lumbar spine. Initial low dose begun, 100mg twice daily. Little reported decrease in pain, however neurological side effects quickly became severe to debilitating. Side effects observed: confusion, disorientation, standing and walking instability, memory loss and recall failures (long and short term), inability to understand/follow instructions, impairment of fine and gross motor function, fixative/obsessive behavior. Medication discontinued after apx. 14 days due to severity of side effects; all observed side effects decreased within 10 hours and ceased presentation completely after 30 hours.   Final results observed in patient: Minimal to no relief of neuropathic pain; Extremely severe side effects (virtual elimination of ability to live independently)
169: I  am suffering from nerve damage incurred during surgery and did not believe Gabapentin was working until I tried to get off.  My nerve pain increased tremendously.  I am trying again to get off after using it for 1 1/2 years.
170: Scripted one week ago. Dosage 300-600mg...at night...Doctor did not say if and when to increase to 600mg, but the 300 mg dosage is more problematic as it is. Arthritis in both hips and causing a great deal of pain and pain specialist decided Gabapentin drug of choice.  Considering I have asthma and irritable bowel syndrome  it seems to me this drug should be avoided?  Have taken drug for one week .... results  asthma acting up, IBS no longer manageable, pain still prevelant. Othere negative symptoms, nausea, dizziness, fluctuating fever, all over body discomfort. Cannot contact physician or anyone to asses the situation. Conclusion ... find  another   doctor and stop  taking a drug which   contributing exacerbation of  pre-existing   conditions.  This medication may be effective for others, but it is not for me.Read More Read Less
171: at times I have severe flare-ups of spinal stenosis and O.A. and taking it on consistent basis it really helps. when taken in conjunction with meloxicam and metocarbanol
172: have had eleven back surgeries presently suffering from stenosis S1, L4/5
173: MEDICATION HAS ME SUPER SUPER UP TIGHT.
174: I took this medication once, because doctor felt my intense numbness and tingling could be relieved with this. Only one 300mg dose made me sleep for over 12 hours, I guess that is how it helps pain. After waking I found myself with an intense feeling of anger, rage, and very agitated mood.I could not calm down. After several hours of this I suddenly became hysterical. I wanted to just end the pain, felt like there was no point to trying anymore. I was like this for another couple hours before finally feeling semi normal. I have Bi Polar disorder, and honestly I don't think my doctor should have prescribed this for me at all. I could have killed myself, my Bi Polar is that severe. This drug is dangerous.Read More Read Less
175: tHE MEDICATION GIVES ME NERVOUS FEET AND HANDS WHILE TRING TO SLEEP.
176: I have Fibromyalgia.  I was taking 150mg of Lyrica 2x per day.  It helped, but made me feel hung over and dizzy.  Now I take 300mg of Gabapentin 3x per day.  The pain is gone and I feel great.  I have been taking for 2wks now and no side affects at all.
177: was given this to treat R L S with a medium amount of success, could not tolerate all other R L S meds.
178: Awesome with my pain in my back an my nerves u just got to let it get in your system  it helps been taking it for 16 years.
179: I had a neuroma removed from my foot one year ago.  I continue to have pain in the  foot, sometimes worse than before the surgery.  This medication does not seem to   help at all.  I have gained weight, I have been taking it for 6 weeks.
180: Shingles
181: Made me so tired and foggy.
182: I have chronic headaches and back pain, with depression. Dr. started me on 300mg X 1 at night. Have not had any relief, don't think this is helping.
183: I get bone spurs in my lower back about every 3-4 months.  My Doctor has told me that there is really nothing they can do, since its in my lower Back area! So, with this drug, I take 800mg twice a day for about 3-4 days when the bone spur gets realy bad.
184: I NEVER FELT ANY CHANGE IN MY CONDITION, WHICH CONSISTED OF HIP PAIN THEY ARE ASSOCIATING WITH HERNIETED DISC.
185: does not relieve pain in feet
186: This medication is making me hungry all the time.  I have gained about ten pounds in the past three months.
187: I was prescribed Gabapentin for Sciatic nerve pain on 1/27/23. Today is 03/27/23. I will be discontinuing use in 7 days. Please have a very serious conversation with more then one health care provider before taking. I wish I had never heard of this stuff. It did not improve my pain. The combination of it with prednisone, hydrocodone and tramadol has trashed my stomach. I cant sleep, I'm dizzy most of the time. I don't have anxiety issues, but I've had 3 panic attacks since I've been on it. It's the only thing I've been on the entire time. I'm having suicidal thoughts. Good luck getting your Doctor or their nurse to listen to you. I was treated like a junkie nutjob. The only side effects that were reviewed with me were dependency and suicidal thoughts, probably only because they were legally required.Read More Read Less
188: TAKEN ABOUT 1 MONTH ,STILL PAIN WHEN ,SLEEPING,WALKING,RISING UP. SLEEPING LOT, URINATING MORE
189: This drug worked great to take my pain away within days. The side affects that followed were scary though.  It caused me to start seeing things that were not there.  I also had pain in my joints/swelling as well. I began hearing voices and having dreams that I was carving into my wife with a knife. When I called the doc about it, I heard voices telling me to "cut off her head and use it for a Jack O Lantern".  They took me off of it immediately.  The effects followed for about two days after and have since gone away.  The problem now, my pain is back.Read More Read Less
190: Gabepentin worked wonderful for my trigeminal neuralgia. Took 99 percent of the pain away..I was prescribed 300x 3x a day. I couldn't handle the side effects. Severe weight gain/ water retention , forgetting things. Please don't cold turkey off this medication.
191: I began taking this at night because of the warning about dizziness. If I woke up to use the restroom in the middle of the night, I felt drunk. I was stumbling around and a little disoriented.     I decided to take it during the day as well (my doctor originally prescribed three times a day) because it really did help with my foot pain. So I've been taking it at bedtime for about two months and in the  morning for only two days.    Today my side effects are more amplified than yesterday. I feel a little "out of it" and, I guess you could call it, dizzy. I'm unstable when I walk and can't concentrate as well, although I'm still functional in my job.     I'm hoping that the side effects subside because the drug has been very effective for my foot pain
192: Was given this drug to control pain in legs so severe and numbness, could not stand pain!  Worked...pain diminished.   Only took it at night because of drowsiness...could NOT stay awake during the day. So took it at night. I have been taking for 6 years. It sure knocks me out at night!  BUT, and a BIG BUTT it is, I have gained, are you ready for this, over 100#'s. I have never had a weight problem and could not figure out what was going on. I am on Paxil and Xanax, but when I started this med..whoa!  I have had enough. I am stopping this drug and seeing what alternatives there are for me! The bitchiness, well, that may be this drug or life! Read More Read Less
193: I took this medication after I'd had back surgery and due to the fact I was still having pain and a nerve problem.I dealt with confusion,forgetfulness,dizziness,darkened patches of skin,blurred vision,irritable, had headaches,blurred vision,every little thing annoyed me and i was very irate,mean,and nasty to family,friends and strangers alike...just to name a FEW of the side effects I experienced after having to take 900mg every night for over month for it to not work at all.I remember my mother taking the brand name (Neurotin),for seizures, and having some of the same side effects...Read More Read Less
194: I was having pain and a acheing all over my body. This seems to be relieving the pain and acheing so it is tolerable.
195: Gabapentin was prescribed for small fiber neuropathy.  I did not get relief. Taporing off of gabapentin was a nightmare even with doctors supervision.  Discuss long term treatment before ever taking one capsule.
196: This medication is somewhat effective.  The downside is how long it takes to get to a high enough dose to treat the pain.
197: i am using this to control pain for lumbar stenosis.Have been using six hundred mg a day for two years now and  so far so good.
198: I have lumbar sacral radiation plexopathy and starting taking this med about 2 months ago. I have constant leg ache/pain/buzzing/twitching as a result of radiation treatment I had many years ago. I started taking 300 ml at night and saw no change in my symptoms or side affects.About 2 weeks ago I increased to 600ml per day and have had awful side affects; constant pressure headache, backache, fatigue and dizzy. There has been no real change in my symptoms. I also take vicodin when needed (usually at night and which has been a bigger help to me than the gab). I am ready to either stop taking it all together or go back to 300ml and stay on that for a longer period of time to see if it starts working. Has anyone experienced these symptoms and if so what did you end up doing....Read More Read Less
199: this medication i believe, has caused more harm than good i have M.S, with it comes a lot of pain,fatigue,and low motor skills,witch got for worse because of this drug.i went from lorcet 10/650 to this and was looking forward to switching to gabapentin,the first week was good,i think because i wanted it to be good,it was a nightmare.after three seizure's,less motor skills, that is still hoping to get back,at first u will feel good.but be careful.i think this neurologist way of getting patients off addictive medication,which i can understand. people with life long pain you now it is what it isRead More Read Less
200: At first the med helped with nerve pain, burning in my feet and RLS. Was taking 900 mg a day, two months ago, dr. increased the dosage to 1200 mg.  I am so sick, severe headaches, extreme mood swings, gained 20 pounds.  Also nightmares, memory loss, dropping things.  I have started taking just 400 mg a day but no relief from the nausea, headaches.  Also profuse sweating.  I hate this drug.
201: I am taking for severe Migranes and this was about the 5th different "migrane" management medication treatment I've tried.      I started off at 300mg per day (100mg x 3 times)and immediatly saw some relief, although not great.  I went from 3 or 4 migranes a week to two in 3 weeks.  A pretty impressive improvement to begin with.    Once the meds got into my system I got "normal headaches" on a regular basis, again, but not migranes.  I had my medications upped to 300mg 3x day and it got slightly better but now that my body has adjusted, the "normal" headaches are back and I am getting one or two Migranes per week.  I am hoping that increasing to 600 x3 per day will work much better.    Good:  Much less pain, better nightly sleeping.    Bad: 10 lbs in weight gain but I cut out Dunkin Donuts and that started going down.Read More Read Less
202: I was given this drug to help my pain meds work better, the doctor told me. My son notice my right eye was turn out to the side. after noticing this happening to me, I called my gastro doctor to see what to do, and he told me to stop the gabapentin immediately!! that was a side effect from the gabapentin. i had been on the pill for about a year when this decided to happen to me.
203: I have Fibromyalgia and this medication, Gabapentin, helps stop the pain and helps me have a somewhat normal life.  I don't have to use a cane while taking this pain medicine.
204: Once the medication got into my my system, my feet stopped hurting and the tops of my feet weren't sore.
205: I have been taking this for a couple weeks now...minimum dosage of 400 mg a day.  I have a herniated disk, and was experiencing numbness and stabbing or burning pain in my thigh.  The numbness is still there, but since starting this medication, I have had no pain.
206: I have inoperable spinal problems and Gabapentin  helped with radiating nerve pain, and helped with Fibromyalgia pains.
207: Dr.perscribed this as a transitional medicine to move off of Lyrica ( an expensive drug not covered by medicare or the VA. to this less expensive drug. It only helped occasionally. I would have a goud day then the next day unrelenting pain then a couple of good days then back again.
208: omg. Kill yourself. I will find you, and yell in your face. I use Morphine. Morphine. It's MSIR. Get your life over with. This Neurontin sucks so bad. I have used it once. omg. It sucks bad. I used it; in your face, die. omg. Get it over with. Let us live on opium.
209: It controls the pain very well from Fibro issues.
210: leg pain relief
211: Taking for nerve damage due to thoracotomy, ineffective for pain relief, have dizziness, trouble waking up, weight gain.
212: I've had horrible migraines for years & tried several different meds/treatments. Finally saw a new neurologist who said I had signs of fibromyalgia, also. Since started this med, I've had 3 migraines in 3 months, as opposed to 4-5 a WEEK. I taked 300 mg twice a day and 600 at night. I sleep much better now. Side effects include being sleepy during the day (which gradually got better with time & I find if I am busy, I have no problems-it's when I am not busy or active that I get sleepy). I've had some tingling in my hands, feet and face, which I was used to from taking Topamax. It's not constant and it doesn't really affect anything else, just kind of annoying. My doctor said the average weight gain is something like 5 pounds while taking this. I haven't gained weight-I need to lose weight, though, and that hasn't happened, either. The biggest problem I am finding is that it does affect my memory and I'm way too young for that! I often have to search for words (even normal, everyday words) and I do forget things much more easily than before. However, I am very, very satisfied with how this drug has helped my migraine pain. I can have a life now, which wasn't possible before. I will take these side effects, and more, if I can be nearly migraine-free!Read More Read Less
213: I fell no relief.
214: I noticed the effects of this drug immediately.  I had been completely fatigued and wiped out from my multiple overlapping diagnosis.      This drug definitely lifted me out of my funk by alleviating my pain.    I did notice some side effects, disequilibrium, foggy memory, etc which may or may not be from this drug or could be a different condition entirely.      My initial reaction was to keep increasing my dosage, I was up to 1200mg a day but the symptoms were getting worse; in this case, less turned out to be more.    I have now settled into a very stable 1-2 caps a day and feel back to normal.  Sometimes its just a matter of finding the right balance for your individual chemistry!    Keep the faith!Read More Read Less
215: I take 100 mg to 300 mg nightly prior to bedtime for both a deeper longer sleep period as well as restless leg syndrome. Very effective. No side affects.
216: Increased urinary problems.  I seem to spend to much time going to the toilet
217: Great drug but seems to cause white spots on bottom lips.
218: I use the drug for neuropathy of arm.  I  think it causes me to have increased dreams ,frightening at times. I have used it several years.  Does anyone else have this symptom?
219: I am taking it for pinched nerves after several cortisone injections.  On week two 300 mg 2x a day, I have unpleasant dreams and occ. sleep walking.  My mood is irritable, tired, but obcessive with cleaning etc.  And have a desire for drinking more coffee then usual. Also, I have short term memory loss, like not remembering one word in a sentence, which takes a while to remember???  Im Very worried about that.  I go to sleep much later then usual, and have to get 8+ hrs sleep.  I used to fuction on much less sleep. I guess Ill see if it makes a worth while differance at week 3.....3x a day.Read More Read Less
220: the drug has several side effects, some of which do change your quality of life
221: This medication is evil and has severe side effects and causes severe psychosis. I would encourage ANYONE prescribed/suggested this medicine to strongly consider and consult with their PCP and lab and neurologist. This Med should be considered to be taken off market
222: I was put on Gabapentin(Neurontin)4 or 5 yrs ago while I was still working and the 1st day I went to work it was like I was in another world.  I couldn't focus or even figr out why I was where I was and for what purpose.  I was halucinating almost.  It was not for me and now my drug co. wants me to take it instead of pramipexoile because it is cheaper???  I bed to differ!!! why am I going to take something that trips me out when I have something that works on my RLS and risk having to go thru climbing the walls again???  I can't even think about it~!  I am going to have to talk to them seriously and maybe just have to pay the steeper $$$ and bite the bu$$et.  why sacrifice my health for money?  I think not !Read More Read Less
223: It has helped me be functional again and get sleep. Previously I waas waking up EVERY night for 1-3 hours with an excruciating headache from Occipital Neuralgia. I still have break throughs but it is so much better. The downfall is the sleepiness. I feel like a zombie, and fall asleep when sitting still for too long. But I can't stop the meds or the pain comes back so I have to balance it out until i can have a nerve ablation.
224: used 300 mg 3 x a day for fibromyalgia along with Cymbalta.. no help at all   seems to have made my concentration, memory, and thought process decrease...  want to get off asap
225: I am taking this for spondylolisthesis. I have been on it for over a week, taking 3 pills aday up to 900mg. I hate the side effects, makes me loopy and tired and not to mention, nothing for my pain. I will give this 2 more weeks until my docs appointment, if no improvement, Im getting off of it!Will keep you posted
226: I don't like the way it makes me feel, I received the pain after a Dr. cut into my toe and it became extremely swolen in the three days following the minor surgery.
227: IT RELAXES ME & EASES THE PAIN, BUT TODAY T AM GETTING FUNNY FEELINGS ON THE RIGHT & LEFT SIDES OF MY FACE
228: I suffered a hemmoragic stroke on 02/27/2007. I have been suffering from neural pain. About three weeks ago I was prescribed a slowly increasing dose of Gabapentin. I am now at 400 mg t.i.d. and it seems to be helping. The side effects are minimal.
229: I have nueropathy in my feet and hands for over 4 years.  At first, a "miracle" drug.  Over time, pain again.  I became more depressed, suicidal. No more pills, mentally alert and depression better.  Be careful with this med, investigate before using.
230: Had 24/7 pain due to bulging discs in neck, degenerative discs in back with arthrits in neck and back. This med controls my pain but I have short term memory problems and sadness. Currently getting ready for PT and accupuncture and hope to be off this eventualy.
231: I began taking Gabapentin for Fybromyalgia after I lost my insurance. I was taking Lyrica and doing wonderful.  The Gabapentin makes my legs swell horribly and my heart race.  I now have to wean myself off of it because of the side effects.
232: I have good results keeping phantom pains away, but recently have noticed hands shaking and twitching, blurred vision and depression. Also having trouble with my kidneys such as unable to urinate more than 2 times a day and then hardly any flow.
233: I have severe neck,shoulder, upper back pain due to a botched 1st surgery for cervical fusion.  2nd surgery left me with more metal in my neck than neck in my neck.  I am on oxycontin, also oxycodone, so I'm medicated tto the max for pain.  Still, I could'nt sleep w/o waking constantly to move and or change position.  I have muscle spasms like boulders, and remaining in any one position, even to eat a meal causes these spasms to occur.  My physiatrist rx'd 300 mg 3-4x a day, but like many of the reviews I've read, had problems w/daytime sleepiness, sometimes so severe I became afraid to drive, or even use my stove to cook a sandwich, fearing I would fall asleep at the counter and set the house on fire.  I decided to take 3 300mg caps all at once at bedtime.  What a difference!!!!!  I now sleep thru the night w/o taking any opiates except a small dose right before bed.  I haven't told my Doc I am taking the gabapentin this way, but I'm curious if any one else has tried this, and what any benefits they've had or not had.  It sucks being a chronic pain patient, and a good night's sleep is a true blessing.Read More Read Less
234: This treatment is working for my chronic pain. I am hoping though that the sleepyness goes away after I am used to taking it. Have been taking for 4 days and it started working on the 2nd dose.
235: After suffering for 5 years with cronic pain raidiating from my lower back down to my toes this medication has changed my life.  I am able to play with my son without pain!  It is unbeliveable how this drug can stop the raidaiting pain in a matter of minutes.
236: As far as I can tell this medication is totally useless for relieving pain of shingles. If prescribed as a pain reliever, my advice is to not bother.
237: I haven't been on the med very long and am at a VERY low dose, but the pain is worse than before.  I have fibromyalgia and this med just isn't cutting it.  I want to go back to my Tramadol....convincing the doctor is another story!!  For those of you who it does help, that's wonderful.  I have NO SIDEAFECTS at all, I don't get tired, I don't swell, I just hurt.
238: I take this medication for involuntary leg movement and restless leg syndrome.  Gabapentin has helped in regards to the above but OH MY!! I have gained about 8 pounds in 5 weeks. Also gives me very dry mouth.
239: it makes me so tired even in the morning after a full nights sleep
240: My only complaint is that they take long to work for me. It's not till I've taken 2 (dr. prescribed 4 a day) that I feel it working for the pain. My pain is from shingles. Shingles have been gone quite a while but not the nerve pain. Nerve pain is pretty bad.
241: I take it with Tramadol
242: Started with a dossage of 1 capsule 3 x a day for 7 days; then 2, 3 x a day for 7 days then 3, 3 x a day. I didn't notice too much improvement the first week, much better the second week. After increasing the dosage to 3, 3 x a day I began to notice some side effects. Tired all of the time, pain and swelling in my legs and feet. I am cutting back to 2, 3 x a day which seemed to work best without the side effects I am experiencing now. Also decreased libedo with maximum dosage.
243: i am taking 1200 mg daily. as of late, i am having sleep disturbance. i feel as if i've dreamed all night long and am not rested. as if i'm not getting any REM sleep
244: leaves me very sleepy and none funktinal
245: I've been taking Gabapentin for appx six years. At first it was difficult to tolerate but that's because the dose was too strong. Once you find the dose that works for you, it really works great on my severe nerve pain. I adjust my dose as needed. I've been taking 400mg 3 x day, but have recently been prescribed 600mg. I'm supposed to take it four times a day but three times is enough for now. There was a time a few years ago that I was taking much more and also times that I just take it at night. It's just the nature of my issue so Gabapentin is easy to change doses as needed. The effect changes with coffee or certain types of food and definitely if you take other meds so be mindful of this. I take it with 5-10mg of baclofen and the two medications together work well. However, if I take them together more than once a day my body can't handle the combination and it will literally knock me out. You have to know what works for you. I definitely prefer Gabapentin over any opiates as those numb my head and I don't like that feeling.Read More Read Less
246: making me dizzy swellinng me third day
247: relieved "hot flashes" and accompaning anxiety immediatly
248: I started taking this after a spinal fusion because the Dr forgot to remove a bone spur on my spine. I feel it does nothing to help wiith pain. I have been taking it for over 6 months now and have to have an epidural every 2 weeks. What else to do
249: Prescribed initially for a spine problem (degenerative disc disease/bulging discs) resulting in pain, burning, & shooting electrical sensations which were interfering with ever day activities including sleep (peripheral neuropathy).  I was also having problems similar to RLS, only involving the arm as well, on one side of the body, resulting in leg convulsions and arm twitching.  Gabapentin took care of it all.  I take 300mg 2X day and no problems.  I am an insomniac & the bedtime dose helps me sleep as well.  Doesn't seem to bother my liver either, which is monitored by my doctor.  Thank goodness for this drug.  Due to it, I feel "normal" again despite my back & neck problems.Read More Read Less
250: my sharp pain is gone. Some times I have a dull ache but I can handle it. I'm so much better.
251: Taking for cronic headaches and migraine. Only taking 300 mg once/day but thinking of increasing dose. Definitely has helped, lessened the frequency and pain level. Also seems to be helping with lower back pain. Not experiencing any side effects that I can tell but memory is getting worse (age?).
252: Without this medication, I can neither sleep comfortably nor stand on my feet--nerve pain and muscle cramping are otherwise too severe.  Life is agreeable with gabapentin!
253: I have drug-induced polyneuropathy from chemotherapy.  I'm taking gabapentin 1200 mg X 3 a day.  It works fairly well as a stand-alone but to have excellent relief Hydrocodone 7.5 up to 2x a day.  It took me about 6 weeks to get over the headaches.  I still have tiredness/lethargy and a few balance issues.  But it is worth taking from a cost/benefit analysis standpoint.
254: I don't feel this is the right medicine for sever muscle pain after a car accident. it has little effectiveness for pain in my back and neck with this medicine.
255: i have back pain from an injury during work as an cna. this med helps alot but i have noticed if you dont take it or miss a dose it causes terrible withdrawl symptoms. i cant tell you how horrible it makes me feel. you feel like a junkie going through withdrawl. since i have experimented with all my meds and check each med one by one i found that it is definitely the nuerontin aka gabepentin. i am distressed by this so iam trying to wean myself off this med. i dont reccomend this to any one cause it is not a good experience.Read More Read Less
256: I have used tis medicine for over two weeks now and my legs have quit moving at night when I sleep. I don't know what else to say.
257: My legs boterme a lot and somtimes it works great and sometimes itt doesn't. My feet arealways feeling like pins are sticking the bottom of them and sometimes it helps.
258: This helps at bedtime. Makes me sleepy so can't take during   Daylight.
259: my grandfather sleeps way to much on this medication. He also has worse dementia problems.
260: Medicine taken along with an anti-inflamatent    I have used this medicine previously over a period of 2-4 months and it worked well.
261: no problems
262: Been on this drug for short time and current taking 600mgs in the am, 900 mgs in the early afternoon, and 900 mgs in the pm.  I get pretty foggy in the early pm, the pain is greatly reduced in my L arm.  I haven't had any other probs w/ this drug.  I haven't noticed any weight gain yet but have been cycling 4-5 times a week.
263: I have experienced mouth sores which became uncomfortable and made it very hard to eat and drink without extreme discomfort. My appetite has decreased to the point of possibly having to discontinue the use of this medication.
264: I have Charcot Marie-Tooth (CMT) which is a degenerative nerve disorder. It seems to help with the nerve pain and the spasms. I'm also a former opiate user which I had started using recreationally in my late teens right when I was beginning to have more and more issues due to the Charcot. The opiates allowed me to work two jobs and be independent for myself until the tolerance got higher and I was sick without them. I started methadone when I was 30-31 and am still on it, but have been decreasing a little each month to see how my body feels without it. The gabapentin has helped with the slight discomfort from the methadone reduction, but it's hard to gauge its full effectiveness until I'm off the methadone. I'd love to be pill free, but my body is only getting worse and when I try to "workout" or play disc golf I get really sore and with my disorder I'm not sure if it's good or bad. I do have less spasms on the gabapentin and the nerve pain seems to go under the radar a bit.Read More Read Less
265: 600mgs 3 times a day for spinal stenosis and nerve damage to neck and shoulder.  It has helped immensely than where I was a year ago.  My only draw back, weight gain.  I gained 20lbs in only 6mos.  WHAT!!!!!  I have never had a weight problem in my life
266: It doesn't seen to work for me...I suffer from migranes and they are getting worse..so days I have as many as five a day...But it seems to be worse in the warmer time of year
267: Was put on to help control my seizures. I was having multiple seizures a day. Was put on 100mg 3x a day and for the first time in 2 years I was seizure free for 4 days. So my Dr upped the dose to 300mg 3x a day. I see a new neurologist on 2/2/2016 for more testing to figure out the cause of my seizures.  On so many meds for all my health problems and this med is not only helping my seizures but also helping with my pain from nerve damage from a car accident that where my leg got pinned and blew out my tendon.  Dr's took out the damaged tendon and put my tendon front inside my ankle to the outside but when it healed there was severe nerve damage from scar tissue that formed after the accident before the surgery and more formed during my 5 months of recovery on crutches.  I now use a came and walker. This med is a blessing.  It has side effects but being on so many meds that have the same I just deal with them as best as possible. Especially when I'm on Percocet 10mg every 3hrs just to be able to walk and have been on that dose for over 1 1/2 years.  Read More Read Less
268: Its a miracle before I couldn't sit Thur dinner and a movie because my back would be killing me since Ive been taking gabapentin I   can sit with no pain...
269: Dr. increased oral gabapentin to 600 mg three times a day and result was very quick. Feet responded and feel better than they ever have. I do not notice the neuropathy in my feet and ankles as much. Also easier to walk.
270: I have been taking 300mg, 3 times a day for over 2 years. Before taking this medication, I had the most horrible pain and tingling in my feet. I first thought it may have been some type of nerve damage from sitting in a recliner for several weeks after gallbladder sugery, but ultimately was told it was probably neuropathy. I am not diabetic and was previously active. I do have some foggy headedness when I take it, but I take all 3 pills at night, 2-3 hours before I go to bed. Before taking this med, I could not sleep at all for the pain. I sleep like a baby now and no more pain. Of course the numbness is still there, but after a lot of testing with a neurologist, they still say it is not neuropathy..huh?? Anyway, Gabapentin is wonderful for me with very little side effects. I would be in hell if they were to ever take this off the market. If you have side effects bad enough, then stop taking it...but leave those who benefit from the drug alone!!Read More Read Less
271: I'VE TRY'ED IT FOR THREE DAYS NOW WITH NO EFFECT,  TWO 300 MG.PILLS 2 TIMES DAILY.MY CONDITION IS SEVER POISON SHOEMAC FROM DUST AND OR OILS.
272: I have had a chronic cough for 15 years and have been to every type of doctor there is.  I read an article on the Web about a doctor in New York who had prescribed this to a group of people with chronic cough.  I asked my doctor to prescribe it and oh my gosh, finally a cure.  The problem is that I cannot quit taking it or the cough comes back.  And also, the weight gain is quite bad, I have gained 15 pounds in a year.
273: I have taken about all the medication for RLS and it seeems that Gabapentin does the best for me.
274: HAVE BEEN ON THIS FOR 6 MONTHS. HAS ANYONE SUFFERED FROM DEPRESSION TAKING THIS MED? I AM DEPRESSED AND DON'T HAVE ENERGY TO DO ANYTHING. SEEMS TO HAVE STARTED WHILE TAKING THIS DRUG. ANYONE ELSE OUT THERE?
275: I have yet to receive any benefits from ingesting this medication. My doctor insist I take 900 mg.,daily. Seems all I get is tired, light headed and little to no pain relief.
276: I was prescribed 300 mg of gabapentin 3x a day. Today is day 2 and I have already fallen twice due to severe dizziness and ringing in the ears along with fast hear rate. I've been in bed all day to keep from falling. I need assistance walking around my own home - I have to hold on to walls and furniture to keep from falling and I look like a drug addict/drunk stumbling around my home. I live on the 3rd floor and refuse to attempt walking down the stairs on this stuff. Not worth the dizziness, ringing in the ears and rapid heart beat. Not worth stumbling around and falling.  This drug is DANGEROUS!!!!!Read More Read Less
277: I had scoliosis surgery as a pre-teen in 1978. I was in several minor accidents in my lifetime, and I've had a couple of injuries to my spine from a couple of serious falls. My surgery caused severe to moderate pain in my spine that comes and goes for the last 33 years, but became steadily more severe during the last 12 years causing me to seek help with the use of medications from my doctors. I've tried Tegretol prior until 2009 after over 8 years on it (stopped due to strange side effects developing) and until yesterday took nothing for pain other than OTCs.   I've only taken this medication for 4 doses of 100mg 3 times a day.  I started it 2/10/12 at 11pm but my doctor also has me on muscle relaxent at night.  When I got woke up the first time by a phone call, I tried to get up and had a severe headache, was staggering, felt like I had cobwebs in my head sensation so I layed back down for almost another hour.  I still had my headache and was a bit unbalanced, but was able to function enough to get things done. I took my second dose (first for the day) and within 20 minutes I got a fuzzy head feeling and felt like I was bouncing off the walls. Headache gone. I had a goofy feeling and my boyfriend said I was acting like one who was high or drunk.  I felt happy-go-lucky and I'm normally a quite serious type person. We went out to the store and I had trouble concentrating on our shopping, I felt like I was staggering and was a bit wobbly at times.  After my third dose (second for the day), I still had trouble keeping on task (cooking dinner)and still had same sensations as the first two doses.  My boyfriend joked with me because of how I was behaving, I don't mind the happy-go-lucky feelings, pain is 90% gone for the first time in 3 months of having non-stop pain.  I'll have to wait to see if the other side effects stabilize as time goes on. Another pluse for me is, I can't stop smiling and laughing over little things-boyfriend like that behavior. Now for 4th dose.Read More Read Less
278: I found that I still had a lot of pain but 12 days in, nature is taking it's course and the pain is a little better, although I am still taking other pain medications...   Nobody has spoken about getting off this drug, anybody out there who has suffered with withdrawal symptoms or anything ???  I'm still trying to get off my other pain meds, difficult but I will win... (am also on tramadol and codeine)    Comments please...
279: This medince will cause toxic build up it cuased me to fall a  lot had to have stiches in my toes twice from falls. sometimes dropped dishes coffee etc was taking for 4 years before finding out it effective me.
280: I take this medicaiton for biolar disorder, and have taken it for several years.
281: After being diagnosed with trigeminal neuralgia, this was the first medication I was prescribed.  I didn't like the drowsiness, so I got my doctor to try a few different medications.  They all had even worse side effects.  I'm happy that this takes care of 95%+ of my pain, but I wish it wasn't so sedating, that it didn't cause weight gain, and that it didn't hinder my ability to experience physical pleasure.
282: Taking as a replacement for cannabis.  At 900mg at bed time, 300mg mid-day.  Treating major depression, severe anxiety and OCD. It seems to be very predictable.  I sleep through the night without having to take more trazodone or smoking multiple times a night.  The 300mg during the day does not make me drowsy. I do also take several L-Theanine during the day.  My mood is generally much better and I don't feel lethargic all day.  So far it is great.
283: I just started taking this...was taking primindone and side effects were terrible...Has this helped anyone with ET's...thank you
284: I started this medication for tingleing in my legs. the tingling has stopped but muscle spasms are still happening.
285: Dizziness
286: I was put on Gabepentin for Fibromyalgia. Started on  200mgs. at bd then decreased to 400 and then 600, I feel better on 400 with sonata at bd and I feel that I sleep really well, no too much hip pain. My only complaint is flatulence and it's getting real embarrassing.  I 'm looking, for a supplement, that takes this stinky gas away.  Any Ideas?  I'm afraid to go out in company.  all responses taken seriously
287: AT LAST I CAN SLEEP WITHOUT TAKING SLEEPING PILL
288: High dosage brought almost immediate relief from the excruciating pain of trigymenal neuralgia. After I was able to be pain free I gradually lowered the dose to be closer in line with what my neuralogist perscribed
289: Gabapentin has always worked very well for my arthiritis pain. It even helps my lithium keep my bipolar in check.
290: Given this drug for severe depression. Gained 20 pounds in the first 6 weeks!This added to my depression so I'm getting off of it. It did help my depression but it numbed everything good as well. Sex drive went way down, super dizzy, sleepy, swollen ankles. Just too many negative side effects.
291: I am in pain 24/7.  Only walk with a cane.  At first I was woozy for the first 3 days.  Then, miraculously, the nerve pain reduced so much I could sleep at night, only waking from pain 1 or 2 times.  During the day it reduced my pain.  However 3 weeks later I was back at square one.... It's been 4 months :(, and not working.
292: 100mg every 8hrs. great relief from side pain so,much that stop taking oxycodone.  However,side effects drowseyness and hand cannot stop shaking!.
293: I have used this only 2 days. It has reduced my pain by at least 90%. I have high hopes for it. I have trigeminal nueralgia. Was experiencing severe pain during night and AM. I am taking 300mg 3 times a day.  So far so good
294: I have fibromyalgia, neck and back pain from an accident.  I have some good relief, but can hardly stand the weight gain.  I've put on 8 lbs in 6 mo.
295: easy to take, seems to be effective
296: I have syringomyelia and I take 1200mg of this med 3 times a day, yes, that's 3600mg. It has helps with the pain somewhat, about 20%. I still have severe pain at times, about 80% of the time. It has made me gain about 25 pounds. About an hour after I take this med, my head feels "full" and I am dizzy until the next dose. In other words I am dizzy all of the day after my first dose.
297: the medicine works but since using it I have had serious trouble with blurry eyes, loss of some vision. Has anyone else had eye problems?
298: I take 800mg three times per day for CRPS in my right hand.  Very satisfied with controlling nerve pain.
299: I have lots of pain from nerve damage from several back surgeries. This medicine has helped so muc and am on a very low dose.
300: just started today
301: This med had no effect on my pain, but I had several of the side effects -- I have since stopped taking it...
302: this was prescribed for tx of restless leg syndrome...it has helped some.i am taking 300 mg at hs...
303: Essential tremor. Does this med work?
304: I had headaches at least 5 day a week, each lasting around 7 hours.  Also, had changes in my pupals, one pin-point while other extremely large.  Went to 3 different Neurologists before being diagnosised with seizures and was placed on this medication.  The headaches are gone, and my pupals are fine now.  I did have one seizure but am still working with my doctor to find the right amount.  I am starting to work towards 600mg 3 times a day.  Love this medication, I have had no side effect, and believe me I am someone that will have a reaction to anything. I would suggest this medication to everyone. It has given me my life back.Read More Read Less
305: Over a year ago I came down with severe Bell's Palsey / Shingles.  The left side of my face was paralzyed for days, the left side of my throat hurt so bad I could not eat or swallow.  I had to take narcotics just to survive.  Eventually the paralysis lifted, but the burning nerve pain has not gone away, it is not as bad as it was.  They prescribed Gabapentin to take me of narcotics.  It is about half as effective as narcotic, but it does not make me tired or foggy as the narcotic did or as other reviewers noted.  I hope the nerve pain / damage is not permanent.  Good luck & God bless.Read More Read Less
306: I take this every 8 hours to relieve pain and numbness in back and arms due to herniated 5/6 & 6/7 discs.  Just recently started getting dizzy after taking it but its been a real relief so far.
307: I do not feel it is helping at all also I am having loose bowels
308: I have tourettes syndrome and I have been taking gabapentin 800 mg 3 times a day as well as 6 mg of ativan a day and also 120 mg of cymbalta a day and I have had the best relief of my tourettes syndrome than I have ever had =)
309: I have been using "Gabapentin 300mg" for almost 1 1/2 yrs. I've have "nerve pain" permanent nerve-damage. Cause from auto accident, surgeries. Now along with nerve-damage, I have nerve pain further down to both feet and legs, nuropothy. This medicine helps. Does upset my stomach at times.
310: I take it for severe headaches and it works great.  Tired about 1 hour after I take it, but it has helped so much!  My doctor monitors it closely.
311: Restless legs
312: side effects are severe, they included tremors, memory loss, confusion,fatigue,and nausea. Also severe mood swings
313: I started on 600mg for excruciating trigeminal neuralgia.  Within hours, 90% of the pain disappeared.  Over 3yrs, I am now on 3000mg.  However, I underwent Gamma Knife surgery and am tapering from this drug because Gamma has cured me.  The drug saved my life for 3yrs- I would not live with that pain.  Now Gamma has changed my life forever.
314: I think it has done nothing to relieve neuropathy in my feet. Igive this medication a very poor rating. one  other doctor said the pain woulg be permanent even after surgery.
315: I experienced swelling of extremeties, and extreme anxiety.
316: I have pain and numbness in feet due to diabetic neuropathy. This medication takes pain and numbness away. I have no side effects like weight gain or any of the others.
317: It is not worth the side effects. I was prescribed gabapentin for anxiety. While it works in the moment, the side effects and withdrawal symptoms are not worth it. I have adhd. Taking gabapentin makes my adhd worse to the point where I can’t concentrate at all. When coming off of gabapentin, the withdrawal is so bad you feel like a druggie. You get shaky, weak, headaches, and bad anxiety along with the worsening of adhd symptoms.
318: My overall pain was an. 11 ...I could not move my neck enough to drive safely. My neck pain was so bad, it moved Down to my shoulders. I hurt all over. I went to Urgent Care, and after ONE dose, I felt relief.      Not 100%, but it felt like a warm glow moving down my body. I was so much better, I called and thanked them. I had just left my PCP 3 days earlier, with no results ..at all!    I had to increase my dose to 600 mg x 3 a day. I'm a little sluggish, but it sure beats the pain . I also take methocarbamol x3 a day. It's probably a generic muscle relaxer. I take 750mg of it x3 a day.    The best wishes for those in pain.Read More Read Less
319: I've been taking this medicine for about 2 years it hasn't helped me at all but the doctor wants me to keep taking it.Hope I can get on something that will help me soon.
320: Many side affects, making normal functioning not possible or random
321: Used this drug during chemo didn't do anything for me then,so I stopped,,maybe cause I was only taking 100 MG per day,,after my Lumpectomy now I'm on it again for the feeling of lightning under my armpit,,I'm now on 900 MG per day just started two days ago,,yes I get sleepy,,some of the pain has supsided, ,I'll keep taking it for now and see what happens,,Oh I do notice about a half hour after taking them I have a sneezing fit,,don't know if that's connected yet
322: i use it for several reasons    pain/nerves/feeling beatter all around.
323: This medication I was prescribed to me for psychiatric reasons for panic attacks and aniexty.I started out 300mg two capsules at night and continue that same dose and mg. It gives you sever nightmares that are very vivid and disturbing and it causes severe leg cramps, leg stiffness, and they become swollen. I have been reading that its used for leg pain and I do not know how Im having this side effect. I have Bipolar type two mixed episodes with psychois and have been taking medications starting at the age 12 and Im now 30 and have been on numerous medications. I have about given up on medications they have tried everything that comes to mind and it will work for a while rhen either stop working or cause major side effects that are very annoying. This medication by far is the worse compare to anything. this medication does help with sleep and true id does but the vivid dreams isnt worth it and it makes you very agitated Im on Lamictal,Vistoral,Invega and this medication. Please let their be people come forward telling their story about this medication and let me see if they have similiar side effectsRead More Read Less
324: The diabetic neuropathy pain sometimes leaks through
325: Herpes Zoster - Shingles  300mg x 3 per day  this worked to relieve the pain which was sharp stabbing pain occasionally with dull pain almost constant. I got the rash pretty bad before making it to Dr since it started on a Friday and thought I only had sunburn at first
326: After 2 years of no sleep (restless leg) and taking the wrong medication I finally was prescribed Gabapentin.  300 Mg X 3 per day (a total of 900 Mg) the pain went away.  I was diagnosed with PAD and after multiple operations and bypasses in the artery in the right leg, the nerve damage was severe.  Now I sleep well and only have minor pain in my right foot.  The normal pain meds (Vicodin)would only last for 2 hours and the pain would reemerge.....The only side effect has been weight gain and not as much energy as normal.  A trade off that is worth it to get a good nights sleep!!Read More Read Less
327: lower back nerve pain resulting in leg pain  on 3 tablets daily for the past 2 years and continuing. have good days and bad days.carefully watch what type of activity I do which would strain lower back. I'm 63 yeaars old and have 2 fused disks, corrective surgery not recommended because I can cope with the resulting disconfort in my back and legs as of this time.
328: Prescribed following the outbreak of shingles.How long does a person take this med? All signs of this outbrea have cleared but the skin is still very sensitive. Has anyone developed a swelling in the left or right side of the abdomen? Reposes appreciated.  Mary
329: I was taking a low dose,100mg 2x a day,of gabapentin for diabetic neruopathy in my feet.  The pain subsided within one day.  A few days ago, I was diagnosed with fibromyalgia and was experiencing a great deal of pain in my joints and large muscles.  My doctor doubled my dose of gabapentin and within 2 days the severe pain was gone.  I still have pain and aching but it is tolerable and does not interfere with my daily functoning.
330: Taking for six months. Reduces tremors. No side effects.
331: I am convinced this drug is evil!  I take it for nuero pain.  I take 300 mg 3X a day in 300 mg gel cap form.  Side effects:  1st month I began to feel disconnected, unable to think clearly.  Foggy and I kept dropping things.  It did help a little with neuro pain.  The 2nd month I had double vision and vertigo.  It was so bad, I was out of work 2 weeks.  I could walk without running into walls.      Month 3 and on:  Strong depression.In my case, the side effects far out weighed the benefit!
332: I AM A DIABETIC, EPILEPTIC AND ASTHMATIC, I STARTED TAKING THIS MEDIINE WHEN I WAS GETTING SEVERE LEG CRAMPS. AND MIND YOU IT WORKED AND THE LEG CRAMPS STOPPED BUT NOW I'M EXPERIENCING CERTAIN SIDE EFFECTS FROM THIS MEDICAION, FOR INSTANCE, SWELLING AROUND MY LEGS AND ANKLES, REDNESS, DIZZINESS, LOSS OF BALANCE AMOUG OTHERS. NOW I DONT WANT TO TAKE IT AT ALL BUT WHAT DO I DO? IF I DONT TAKE IT MY LEG CRAMPS WILL COME BACK AND IF I DO EVERYTHING ELSE COMES BACK TO WHAT DO I DO? SOMEBODY HELP ME PLEASERead More Read Less
333: I was given this med for treatment of nerve root pain at L4-L-5 from scar tissue and fusions surgery. Also have beginnings of osteoarthritis and degenerative disc disease. This medication has helped me tremendously. I can now sleep at night, no more pain, do have some dizziness & short term memory issues but worth it to live pain free!
334: Shingles PHN 600mg x 3 per day every 6 hrs, this works to relieve the pain which was a sharp pain from muscle contractions under the skin, the skin sensitivity pain is almost constant. Skin is ok with direct pressure, but brushing across it is painful, so use a topical pain reliever for that. I got the rash pretty bad before making it to Dr since it started on a Friday, got in on Monday. No weight gain, no GI problems.
335: So, I dont know if anyone else has gone through the same thing I have. My Psychiatrist prescribe me Gabapentin for Anxiety because I deal with Agoraphobia and Somatic Symptom Disorder. The doctor only wanted me on it temporarily because I am on Lithium Carbonate for all my disorders. But the first week on Gabapentin was fine. I was feeling better in fact. The second week I crashed and burned. I had dizziness, off balance, nauseated, had trouble concentrating, was confused, I had a sensitivity to light, and then my eye sight was a little blurry (enough to notice). I had to go to the ER, Then they just had me on 100 mg. All those symptoms listed were only on 200 mg. That is just ridiculous. Now I am waiting to get off this medicine because I am still dizzy and everything from it. My body hates Gabapentin so much. I cannot wait until my doctors appointment so I can wean off of this terrible medicine. Gabapentin should only be prescribed for seizures and others of the same type. Do not take this for Psychiatric conditions, PLEASE.Read More Read Less
336: I have had Back Surgery I Got Nerve Damage to the Sciatica nerve damage to my left toes are numb calf's hips butt-ox And Now Three Years This coming February I was in one of my classic Cars With A Lap Belt Only I was Hit By A Semi Truck He was on the left side of the street Pulled into oncoming traffic crossed The Center Lane It WAS VERY ICY outside i caught a flash of light in my left eye he was going to hit me in the door it would of killed me i turned right hit the gas i thought i was out of his way but he hit the left quarter panel and bumper the window blew my knee I hadd replaced in 07 it sun me very fast then a very sudden stop hitting dry pavement the lap belt damaged my liver secreting fluid into my body cavity and left leg swelled to the point i thought it was going to explode and my L2,L3,L4 L5 S1, Now are Considered unstable and can slip and pressure any number of nerves to the point i cant feel from my waste down and can just drop where I stand till I can manipulate back so i can get up when the truck hit me i was in disbelief and in shock and Massive Pain when i went to step out My right toes calves and the same as my right side my DR put me on Gabapentin all it did was put me into Depression Mood swings and emotional Lability not fun                        Read More Read Less
337: Does anyone know if this drug affects males sexually? I cannot ejaculate. Is it this drug?
338: I suffer severe lower back pain due primarily from scoliosis.  I've been taking gabapentin 300 3x/day along with another med for over a month and cannot tell that either is helping at all.
339: ok, i get prescibed this for withdrawls. does anyone else?? It does help me though, very much..
340: This has worked for me for alcohol addiction.  It does, however, seem to give me permission to eat more, but its a good trade-off.  I am working, now on getting off that 15 lbs. I gained, but it is well worth it.
341: i have nerve pain in my lower back, been having rls also but my Dr likes it most for me BC its a mood stabilizer. I've suffered from depression n anxiety all my life and i can tell a big diff in my mood. but  it don't come w/o a bad side. when i don't have my daily dose the withdrawals from it are unreal. i wish id never took it for so long BC i cant handle not having it. they tell u its not addictive! im here to warn u that it it very addictive. id would rather withdraw from anything on the market than from gabapentin
342: I have been taking neurontin for 10 years I drive for a living helps to relieve pain it was impossible to get a d.o.t card when I was taking Percocet I take 600mg 3 times a day of neurontin no side effects at all
343: I have had really bad neck and back pain for about 4 years, I have been through countless different muscle relaxers, none of them have helped. My doctor just put me on 200mg 3 times a day last week, and for the first time I think I am getting some relief. It may be a little early to sing the praises of this drug but so far so good.
344: I have the dibetic nuropathy really bad.  This drug does help better than anything else I have been give.  But I stil have severe pain in my legs and feet.  I am wondering if there is something better for me to take to really get rid of this horrible pain.  I cannot sleep at night because of the pain.
345: Extreme loss of coordination, weakness and fatigue, memory loss/ confusion and shortness of breath . Very serious and disabling side effects from this medication!
346: Slowly increasing dose. Very effective to decrease pain from nerves exposed on upper jawbone and infraorbbital nerve injury.  No pain but severe fatigue and water retention and headache. Gained 8 pounds in 7 days 120 to 128 at 5'6".
347: Had a time lapse between taking the meds and the pain returned unrelentlessly.  Finally, got my refill and can really tell the difference.
348: I have neuropathy and restless legs syndrome. I used to literally cry at night because the pain, burning and tingling of the neuropath combined by the spasms of the RLS were so horrible. Massage, hot baths, cold baths, even TENS therapy didn't help. In about a week of taking gabapentin I noticed a huge difference! 100mg when I wake up, 100mg after lunch and 300mg at bed time.
349: This medication is in addition to another anti seizure medication that i take. (Keppra). A neurologist at the local VA hospital prescribed this has no idea what he is doing. I have gained 50 pounds over the last 9 months taking this medication. If you start to gain weight right away, tell your doctor immediately.
350: I can definitely tell a difference if I RUN OUT OF THIS MEDICATION. i WAS JUST WONDERING WHAT IS THE MAXIMUM DOSE OF THIS MEDICATION YOU CAN TAKE DAILY. i HAVE BEEN TAKING 300MG TABS, 2TABLETS 4 TIMES A DAY FOR ABOUT 3 YEARS NOW. i RECENTLY CHANGED PRIMARY DOCTOR AND THE CANNOT GET THIS ONE PRESCRIPTION RIGHT. ONE MONTH IT MAY BE 300 MG TAKE 1 TABLET DAILY, OR 800MG TAB TAKE 1 DAILY AND JUST THIS MONTH A DOCTOR IN THAT OFFICE WROTE 800MG TABLETS TAKE 2 TABS 4 TIMES A DAY...COULDNT THIS KILL ME
351: This medication was too expensive, I had to increase my dose to 6 pills a day over time, and it did not help my pain at all.
352: This drug made me weak, uncoordinated, tired, slowed my mental functioning, caused dry mouth, blurred vision, very bad swelling in my feet and made it hard to take a deep breath.  It is a terrible, terrible, terrible drug.  My doctor and pharmacy failed to warn me about any of this.
353: I have lower back problems, and excesive cramps during the night
354: Since taking medicine I have experienced blurred vision, drowsiness lasting over 12 hours, and extreme skin dryness on both hands.
355: i WAS PUT ON THIS BECAUSE THE INS (BLUE CROSS SAID TO USE THIS BEFORE TRYING LYRICA.. I'M NOT FAMILIAR WITH THIS DRUG WHATSOEVER CAN YOU FILL ME IN ON HOW IT CAN HELP THAT I'M ALSO ON SYNTHROID,CELEXA,ESTRADIOL,ADDERALL AND DEXILANT.  i HAVE FIBROMYALGIA AND I HAVE TRIED TRAMADOL, VICODIN AND MANY OTHER PAIN RELIVERS NOTHING SEEMS TO HELP... i AM IN TERRIBLE PAIN WITH THE WEATHER CHANGE AND ADDED STRESS IN MY LIFE RIGHT NOW.  CAN YOU TELL ME WHAT YOU THINK OF THIS AND SHOULD I DEMAND LYRICA OR JUST CONTINUE THIS MEDICATION IN OTHER WORDS HOW LONG BEFORE SYMPTOMS ARE UNDER SOME KIND OF CONTROL?Read More Read Less
356: Had a fall banged my head was eventually given gabpentin started at 100 mg two times a day helped at first now I'm up to 300 mg twice a day and not helping with pain in legs or arms . Put on 25 pounds in last few months not very happy.
357: i HAVE ms AND i TAKE VICATIN WITH THIS iS THIS DRIUG SAFE FOR ms PATIANTS
358: worked at first. now not
359: I am taking 100 mg 3 times a day for sevier cramps caused by sciatic nerve problems caused by herniated disc operation years ago. Works ok for control of cramps but causes sevier dizzyness (vertigo) as well as diarea and just about ALL the rest.  Dr says I can take it "as needed" which I will try next.
360: This medication keeps me free from pain, but it causes tiredness, dizziness and a bit of confusion.  I have only just started taking them, so I am hoping that the tiredness, dizziness and confusion will soon disappear as my body becomes more used to the drug.
361: I just want to know if any one is taking this for Mood disorder or anxiety? None of the reviews talk about that and does it cause weight gain????
362: My doctor just up'd me to 600mg x3 a day. For nerve pain with two bulging disc at c5-c6 level. Pain down left arm into first two fingers and thumb.  Helps with electric shock not numbness.  Gangilion cyst also removed about the same time all this started.  From my left ankle, I have nerve damage in my foot. Burning pain with electic shock going into two toes closest to the baby toe.  Its helped alot with that but not all gone.  I started this gabapentin on 11/17/08.  Too I noticed I don't have to get up at night to urinate.  I use to every night sometimes twice.  Side effects for me is memory loss where did I put that.  Did I write that last debt in check book or how much was it.  An yes hunger is the last.Read More Read Less
363: I had fibromyalgia pain at a level of 8-9 for several days. I took Lyrica and within minutes my pain level was a comfortable 2-3. After a short time I heard of gabapentin and switched. I have had equally good results with it. If I'm late taking it one day I notice immediately. No other drug I tried helped at all. I'm a fan!
364: I started with 300 mg & went down to 100. It really helped my reckless legs & sleep but I became withdrawn; moody & aggressive plus the depression. Plus eye problems.  I am stopping using it. Sides effects not worth it for me.
365: I was placed on 300 mg of this med for finger burning paind of which no one can tell me why. It didn't help one bit and then was put on 600 mg and am waiting to see about this. the two pills look very differen. One is a capsul and one is an oblong coated pill. the oblong one is 600 mg and it threw me for a loop.  I had been told to take two of the 300 mg at night time and it did not do this. I would like to know what is the difference but who could tell me?
366: this medication was prescribed for my legs.i have diabetes and can't sleep sit or stand for long priods of time
367: This medication gave me stomach pains and diarrhea, it also made me very tired.  I stopped taking it after 3 weeks, I was taking it 3 times a day. I found that i could take another pain pill that worked better for leg pain. (Tramadol)
368: I've had a sick feeling since I started taking this med. & have been unable to get Doc to call me back, it's been 48 hrs (weekday not weekend). Still NO call back.
369: Taking for 18 months to alleviate pain from herniated discs in my neck. Ice works better, but taking before bed helps to sleep. Side effects include me wanting to put a bullet in my head, so sertaline for depression.
370: This medicine started working after my first dose. I had severe nerve pain. This is a miracle drug in my opinion
371: extreme drowseness, lack of concenstration,  loss of apitite
372: I have been on gabapentin now for 5 years due to my DDD(degenerative disc disease) 2 hernias', and arthrose all in lower lumber area. I take 600mg/3 days (1800mg), as well as baclofen 10mg twice daily, and tramadol 50mg twice daily.
i have also started  Prolotherapy injections.
pain is more bearable and less frequent
373: Been on gabapentin for over a year, increasing from 100mg 3x daily to adding 300mg at night for nitetime hot foot pain and itching from diabetes2. A bit of swelling in thighs and legs, but overall very good response to this medication. I am post stroke, and need to relearn walking, so less meds during the day works well for me. Need the boost at night to help me sleep.
374: Was given this after my anterior cervical fusion discectomy C4-C5 in Jan. Has calmed the pain in my nerves down A LOT! Yes, it can make you groggy and sometimes hard to concentrate, but the benefits outweigh the side effects. This is the only drug that has enabled me to slow down my Percocet use, thank goodness for that. My husband also uses this medication for his diabetic nerve pain in his feet. We both take 900mg a day (300mg x's 3).
375: prescribed to help prevent miagraine headaches.  Increased to 3 pills at night, one in the morning and one in afternoon.  Now experiencing mood swings, no energy, (still having frequent miagraines (but not as frequent), heaviness in chest with some discomforting pain.
376: I take this med for 2 protruding disc in my spine that lay near my sciatic nerve including arthritis, my doctor insist it is the best nerve relaxing med, been taking for over a year and she finally up my dose to 600 mg at night 1x a day...the lower does did NOTHING, i had to take that along with 5 other meds and i dont know if they counteracted with each other but i kept taking cuz my doc insisted but with the 600 mg i take that along with Norco (pain reliever) & skelaxin at night and it seems to help me out for a few hrs. but then i wake up with headaches in the morning, every person is different but i seem to take well to the med :)Read More Read Less
377: i have used this for a few weeks,s but so far i have not had any side affects,i take it for burning in my feet,they still burn but not as bad,
378: I take this for severe sciatica, and since the 2nd dosage, I have not had any pain.  I take only one at bedtime.  It's wonderful!
379: headache ,sores around my eyes
380: Not a review. Only to inform that this drug when taken with Hydrocodone can cause severe canker sores.
381: I had an sudden onset of severe restless leg syndrome to the point I could not sleep until after 4AM and get up at 5AM to get ready for work. Accompanying this new malaise, cramping in my left calf that took my leg out from under me. Also pin needle pain on and off in legs and feet. After only 2 days, I have improved my sleep from 1 hour per night to 6-7 very restful hours per night. If I am having such a successful experience this soon, I can't to see how I feel in a week or two. I'll post an update in a month or so.Read More Read Less
382: I have been in pain due to degeneritive disc and peripherac neuropathy for 20+ years. Although narcotic pain meds helps with the pain, I always suffered from neuropathy. Taking 1200MG of Gabapentin 3 times a day has taken care of the nerve pain.
383: Only taken four days. My depression by day 2 was worse. I have this thought that I won't be here much longer. My husband is freaking out. I feel no better I have neuropathy from surgery gone a rye. I also have unexplained neuropathy in both feet, two bulging discs as well as disc degeneration in my upper back that causes my hands to go numb and swell. I am at wits end. This medication was my last hope. I feel just sad like I'm not going to be here long. Not suicidal just that the my life will not be very long anymore. Guess that's a mood changer for you. My husband wants me off this ASAP. Not great. I guess when I told the doctors I have issues taking psychotropic drugs they didn't understand. I feel nothing but sadness and want my life back, knowing it's never going to happen. The risks did not outway the benefits for me. Please be careful.Read More Read Less
384: having trouble getting the correct dosage. Too high and I am zoned out and have to lay down. Not enough and there are   no results. Not sure if it is helping or not. Dealing with severe chronic pain due to degenerative disk desease, bulging disks, pinched nerves, lumbar.
385: I've BEEN TAKING UP TO AT LEAST 10 PLUS YEARS..I'M NOW ON 800 MG 4 TIMES A DAY..AND I KNEW THIS WAS JUST TOO MUCH CAUSE COULD NOT TELL MUCH DIFFERENCE TILL I STOPPED TAKING THEN ALL THE PAIN RUSHED BACK TO MY LEGS AND FEET..BUT MY DIABETES I KNEW IT WAS TOO KILLING MY LIVER sO I'VE NOT BEEN TAKING FOR ALMOST A WEEK NOW BUT ALL MY SYMPTOMS OF MY NEPHROPATHY IS BACK AND BAD SO NOW DON'T KNOW WHAT TO DO...
386: Can't seem to wake up, ringing in ears, feel lghtheaded. Nausea,wicked drug,can't take anymore.
387: I take 2ea. tablets 100mg capsules at night. So far no problems
388: Oral Surgeon prescribed gabapentin for my sore mouth/tongue which I have had for five months.  Burning tongue and roof of mouth all day long. One 100mg for first 7 days, increased to 2 pills next 7 days, and 3 pills next 7 days; returning to doc after 3 weeks.  I'm in second week and mouth pain is getting better, no side effects yet. This is the first relief in 5 months.
389: have been taking this medication for 3 months 300mg three times a day for spinal bifida pain. i went from crying because of the unbarable pain i was in when i couldent sit, bend over, or sit up after sitting..... to complete relief. it took two and a hafe weeks to before the pain went away but it has been worth it.  :)
390: My feet burned and at night they were either ice cold or hot. They hurt to touch them My shoes felt as tho they were two sizes too small.
391: Started taking 10 years ago. Started at 900mg/day total. Now I take 900mg 3x a day for a total of 2700 mg/day. Gave my life back. Had severe foot neuropathy. That and Voltaren gel 1% in AM and PM on my feet.
392: This stuff is trippy though! Lol it made the room seem tilted when I would walk! I felt like I was in one of those v-8 juice commercials only I didn't drink a v-8! Lol I'm sure it worked well for what I needed it for it was just trippy! Lol
393: I'm taking this for fibromyalgia pain although some of it is possibly part of my RA. I started at 100mg and went to 200mg. That wasn't working so they are slowly increasing my dosage to 900 mg over the next few days. Hopefully it helps. It made me extremely drowzy the first few days though.
394: I have had chemo for rectal cancer and one of the sides has been, hand feet numbness,  doc said to me that this would cure and make things well, so far there has not been  much improvement, still walking on rocks.  so far the best thing to help I found is to walk long distance like a 1/2 mile, lets the blood in legs circulate, all theses drugs that are given to patiences can be more dangerous than the disease, especialy  when combined with other drugs that are given to you.they  gave me stoma back cause  chemo caused a anal fistula, 2 outlets for waste, nice to retire, be 70 yres old and spend more time trying to get well.          Read More Read Less
395: I have taken Neurontin for 6+ months for very severe shingles on upper chest, under arm, and back. Still have severe pain + severe itching as drug wears off. Take 1800 mg in 3 pills per day. Problem is that the pain relief lasts about 4 hr per pill and I am awake 16 hours a day. Horrible fatigue, huge weight gain!  Why isn't there a more effective drug for this very debilatating disease? What about the horrible scars on my body? How do I get rid of those?
396: haveing trouble with sx of falling asleep,and staying awake during the day my pain is still about a 10 i've been taking gabapentin for 5 weeks .
397: My mom had shingles at about 50+ years old. Later on after going through many test was told she had nerve damage from shingles. She was put on gabapentin for over 12+ years ago. It gave her relief for a while. She started having side effects but didn't connect it to this med. Her doctor had her wean off a few years back, finding the tingling in her hands and feet alone with other side effects put her on a roller coaster ride with her health. The dosage went up and down with many other drugs. She's now 74 years old and is still fighting side effects that is taking away her quality of life. This drug may be good for some but for my mom it's doing more harm than good. The doctor is slowly lowering her dosage.    Read More Read Less
398: Used for essential tremor, helped with ability to use keyboard.
399: I was taking 300mg morning and evening.  After the first week, I noticed I was having frequent headaches.  Before taking, I might have a headache 3 or 4 times a year.  The second week, the headaches were getting worse, plus I noticed that my fingers were trembleing, and I was having a hard time with memory.  Mostly I was forgetting what people told me, or what I had told them.  At the end of the third week, I was having worse headaches, more trembleing, more memory problems, and then the deep dark depresion hit.  I was crying, thinking how horrable life was and wonder if I drove my car into a bridge would they rule it an accident?  I called my Dr.  While waiting for him to call back, I called the Pharmacy and talked to the Pharmicist.  She adviced not taking the night dose, and only two in the morning.  When the Dr called, he advised to take two that night, and one in the morning.  I know you should always listen to your Dr.  But I was crying, trying to get myself together and chose to listen to the Pharmacy.  I quit taking it that next day.  The only way I can describe how I felt in 3 days was "I can see colors".  It is no longer gloomy and dark.  The headaches are gone, the depression is gone, I actualy get up and do things instead of sleeping day and night.  I will never ever take this drug again.Read More Read Less
400: Has significantly reduced my cervical pain enabling me to remain active and functioning
401: It relieves pain long enogh for me to get to sleep at night.I do not take it in morning if I need to go out.  It makes me sleepy and I need to be able to drive, otherwise it is satisfactory. Medication is forherpes zoster (shingles).
402: I have sciatica. I had many friends get hooked on narcs. So my Neuroligist put me on 300mg. once before bed. It works great I take it with 400mg ibuprophen, and its okay with lunesta. I read the other comments about weight gain. Being type 2 diabetic this concerned, so I loaded up on celery and drink water after 3wks no weight can. Heed the alcohol warnings though. The other night I drank 2 beers and I was out cold for 9hrs.
403: I am taking the medication 3 times a day and sometimes, I still have the neck pain.  along with this I am taking motrin 800mg  twice a day,(down from 3 times a day) I also have carpal tunnel.
404: I took this medication for "unspecified pain in hand."  In the two months I was on this medication, I went from being moderately happy about life to being suicidal.  The suicidal thoughts (and depression in general) dissipated within 2 weeks of getting off this drug, even though my pain levels increased dramatically during those two weeks. This medication is now listed as one to which I am allergic; I will never take this medication again.
405: This was a total joke in battling the neuropathy I have in my feet. Didn't touch it. I was taking 300 mg 3 times a day and I still felt like my toes had been rubbed raw with sandpaper.
406: I am taking this for sever nerve pain (pain never went away-traveled down my but cheek to foot and along hip bone to groin.) due to multiple ruptured/bulging disks in back. It has been a miracle drug for me! I noticed it taking affect within 24 hours of first dose. This is the first time in 4 years that I have found any relief! I felt like a new person! I can not say enough good about it. I have had no side affects-I had no idea how deep into "pain" I was and how much I was suffering until I took the gabapentin! MIRACLE DRUG! Wish I had been prescribed it much sooner! AMAZING!!Read More Read Less
407: I was put on Gabapentin for extreme anxiety. The dosage is 300mg BID. It has worked very well. It does make me "spacey" and is probably not a good med for anyone who needs to stay focused, alert, needs to drive or get up early. It has worked very well for restless leg syndrome.
408: Makes me groggy trying to wake up, weight gain, doesn't help night pain in feet, only helps me sleep cause it numbs my whole body! Has caused incontience to get worse.
409: I have been taking 300 mg for 2 yrs.  I get more relief by raising legs up on pillow with a fleece blanket on it.  Now I can sleep all night.
410: Not sure about taking the drug
411: Take 300mg every 8hours. Has helped somewhat with the coldness in my feet due to neuropathy. However, I have dry mouth, weight gain and back pain.
412: Quivering has gone down to two or three times per day.
413: STARTED TAKING TWO DAYS AGO AFTER TRIP TO ER TO FIND OUT HAVE NEUROPATHY FROM SCI AT T4T5 WAS GIVEN IV OF DECADRON IN ER. AND ORAL GABAPENTIN AND ORAL DECADRON BOTH LOW DOES 4MG AND 100 MG 3 TID .FIRST NIGHT WAS GREAT SO NOW PAIN IS RETURNING. WAS LOOKING TO SEE WHAT DOES I CAN TAKE.
414: Have just started using for past month for PHN, and so far not a fan.  I will try another couple of weeks and make a decision.  Also just started using cbd vape pen which has given me better results, so that's a plus!
415: none
416: I don`t know
417: This drug has really helped me with pain after an automobile accident. My problem with it is that I can't afford it! I am uninsured and with a pre-existing condition insurance is about $800 a month! I wish there was some kind of help with the cost.
418: Nausea and weight gain. Do not get any help from this medicine. I take 300 mg 3 times a day.  Also dizzy when I get up or move suddenly.
419: 34 yr old male, been taking 2400mg's a day for several months.  It takes care of the pain just fine, but I still have some numbing in the L arm.  Was gaining weight at first, been going to the gym 5 X a week, holding steady at 225 lbs.  Side effects, the same as everyone else.  Makes me dizzy, slow to complex problems, been cauing some "performance issues".  Thank god there is another pill for that.  Overall I am pleased with this drug.
420: was prescribed 300mg at night for 7 days, then 3 a day thereafter, causing trouble for me
421: I have severe chronic pain from gastric bypass I have a nerve forever damaged so having chronic abdominal pain I was taking 15 mg oxycodone from pain management and 200 mg gabapentin from pcp pain management decidedly wants me Lower pain Med so drop me 10 mg oxycodone 4 X day and took over my. Gabapentin starts at 900 mg didnâ??t help so upped it to 1200 mg gabapentin itâ??s horrible pain was ok but shortly after my legs ankles thighs are huge it hurts to walk and they feel like going to burst open painful pain management told me as I was leaving to only take 300 mg bc this drug is filtered through kidneys and probably causing this problem Iâ??ve dealt with one month my legs so heavy I went my pcp and couldnâ??t believe that dr gave me that  much and donâ??t want me taking it this is crazy bc with all the fluid in me Iâ??m not peeing I got shot in we  an said Iâ??d pee all night well I did twice they gave me 4 diuretic and same result so they no help saw pcp nurses practitioner and got nothing just said come back one week like what going change I do not recommend this drug lower dose didnâ??t really help like the 1200 mg gabapentin but definitely not worth it  itâ??s hard walk have lift my legs to get into car it hurts for anything to touch them u press and there big indention  like the fluid is moving up and nobody does anything just recommend not taking it all Read More Read Less
422: I had a frightening experience with this medication. After only 3 doses my eyesight became blurred and I was told to discontinue it immediately !!
423: It doesn't releave the pain at all.
424: I was diagnosed as allergic to it
425: I have multiple neuropathic  injuries, RSD, foraminal and spinal stenosis and cord lesions. This med along with methadone has given me back my life, which days are numbered, (advanced chronic Hep-c). Up until I started this I didn't care if I woke up or not, in the morning.  I have energy, a sex drive and I actually shaved and brushed my teeth after my shower.  Many people who suffer from chronic pain can relate to that statement.  I'm waiting for my drug pump to be installed...but now I'm reconsidering. I'm not high, or weird anymore, I feel normal and actually Happy for the first time in six years since breaking my neck.  May not be for everyone, but it may have prevented me from killing myself.  JE Deland, Fla  Read More Read Less
426: i have been using this drug for about a month now. some days it helps and other days it doesnt.i have alot of problems w/ my sciatic nervr and i also have spinal stenosis.im nautious on a daily basis w/ this drug and dizzy when i stand up.
427: I have been on this worthless piece of crap for almost a year. I take 1800 mg a day. Little pain reduction and I am gaining weight. Was on T-3 which did much more for pain and no weight gain.
428: i have fibromyalgia this drug is so far not helping with pain been taking it for a month
429: Hi, I actually wrote a post earlier this month (miracle in a bottle) sorry to say it became very ineffective after a week and a half, My Dr was already doubling my dose up to 600 mg 3Ã?a day this is a drug you have to keep taking more and more, I am so over all of this physically mentally there is no miracle drug still waiting on surgery,really wish you the best of luck!!
430: Useless for fibromyalgia. Made my life even worse. Mood swings and extra pain. It didn't even work for a compression in my back and neck. At the beginning didn't notice side effects. They crept up on me. Pretty sure it made my reflux worse and probably given me an ulcer. Since I stopped taking this rubbish I'm in less pain. I was on 3600mg at the end. Terrible drug unless you need it for seizures and stuff. Keep away if you have fibromyalgia.
431: Have had restless legs my whole life. This drug has no discernible side effects and works great.
432: The MD uped the dosage from 300 mg. twice per day to 600mg. three times per day.  The pain in my back is a bit better but the burning in my legs has not changed.
433: I have neuropathic pain connected with my diabetes and had not had a night that I'd slept through in the year since it began. After much testing, I was diagnosed and given Gabapentin. Now I am able to sleep a full 8 hours and am surprised when I awaken at a normal hour of the morning! I know when I do certain things during the day that I will have to take an extra pill before bed or in the early evening and have it all pretty well regulated unless I forget about the incident. The pain in my lower legs and feet used to be extremely severe. Both areas would bend and curve in twisted, odd positions and no attempted massaging by my husband would be able to return my extremity to its normal position. If the area was even touched the pain got more severe. I can't believe that just changing to a doc who was extremely qualified and capable (recommended by my orthopaedic surgeon) turned my life around so quickly. I am very grateful to both of them for every night's sleep and day's comfort that I now have
434: this medication has helped my sciatia in both legs.  I have apinal stenosis.
435: Used in conjuntion with cortozone injects in lower back for cronick back pain due to central stenosis.
436: I started with 300mg from my GP for lower back pain due to a fractured vertabrae and fusion. I didn't notice much relief. A pain doctor prescribed me going up to 900mg 3 times a day. I never reached that amount but starting having trouble orgasming and ejaculating during intercourse. I'm back to 300mg and our next sexual encounter will prove whether it was the high gabapentin dosage causing the problem.
437: pain in feet moving to lower legs, then to behind knees to thighs then to left hip and lower abdomen, then to left kidney area and around to front left side.
438: I have noticed if I don't take the medication on time my pain is worse, so it must work.
439: Have 23 of the severe to less severe reactions.  Can hardly walk from the pain caused after taking this drug.  Could it be a cousin to a statin drug?  Had the same reactions from Lipitor and Crestor.  Am extremely dissatified with this drug.  It helped in the first 3 weeks and then it was down hill all the way.s
440: this medication i really good. i have grandmal seizurs and since taking this i dont have them
441: 1 pill gave me tremors,all I do is want to sleep,but it does help my pain but dont want to gain weight thinking this is not the drug for me after tryin prosac and others would rather be brain dead than sleep all day and want to eat all day.
442: I developed foot neuropathy after a total knee replacement surgery on 12/27/11. I think a nerve behind  the knee was damaged during surgery. I was on Lyrica for a while with no results. I was recommended to try Gabapentin instead. I started with 600 mgs, went to 900 mgs and have been on it for about one month. Feel NO relief in my foot yet. Still looking for answers.
443: I've just started taking gabapentin for severe body aches and nerve pain. i'm on 300 in the morning and 300 in afternoon. It hasn't totally taken the nerve pain away yet, but it has made the pain more manageable.I'm going to request they up the dosage. I'm very satisfied with what it has done for me so far.
444: Still have pain, med. makes me confused & loopy.
445: I use this for Neropathic pain. Since i have been taking it  i am totally out of pain. if i forget to take the medication at the proper time i know about it. Thank goodness they have this for pain.
446: after 2 months of taking this medication   i started having side effects, sadness, depression.
447: I took neurontin and it made me dizzy and I kept falling all the time. I ended up having 4 front teeth having root canals! Among the several backward trips down our spiral stair case!
448: I have finally gotten my life back with the help of this medication. I can sleep through the night, my anxiety and tremors are completely gone. The fact that it isn't addicting or "medicating" is refreshing!!
449: I was in the hospital due to developing guillian-barre syndrome. Due to extreme tingling pain and numbness in my hands, face, mouth, tongue, feet and legs I was put on 300mg 3X a day of gabapentin.  I has really help my synptoms.  I have been taking for over 2-months now.  Tried to just take 2 a day but was in too much pain in my hands.  I haven't gained any weight while I have been taking it.  Does make me sleepy so I have been taking a nap in the afternoon.  Since everything I do during the day requires the use of my hands the rest does help.  I don't know how long I will need to be on this med but neurologist wrote my prescription for 12 months.  Read More Read Less
450: while using this medication to treat the  discomfort in my legs, I also found that it has a very positive effect on my anxiety symptoms.
451: I was taking 300mg 3x's day for fibromyalgia. The side effects were awful!! I felt like I was going Crazy! My vision was blurry, depression got worse, I was suicidal and homicidal, couldn't function at work, felt like my head was detached, I was paranoid, afraid to drive....so many side effects I can't name them all. I only started this med because my insurance wouldn't cover Lyrica until I tried this 1st. I took it for 2 months, so glad to be off of it. I am now starting Lyrica, I'll see how it works, so far only side effect is the feeling of being "high", which I don't like. I'll have to wait and see. BE CAREFUL WITH GABAPENTIN!Read More Read Less
452: I've been on this med for a month and have had my dose increased 3 times now and still no change in my pain.  All this med has done is give me constant headaches,insomnia, stomach pains, and has made my back pain worse.  Still have the numbness and tingling down my leg.  I would rather have the surgery or just live with the pain than take this med any longer.
453: After one week, i am soooooooooo dizzy. My balance is off, feel like I'm in a stupor. The constant huge headache is to much. it does not go away even with Tylenol. Pain is greatly improved but at what cost?
454: I was prescribed this drug for a migraine that i have had for going on 2 months now when i was in the er this week. i hate it i feel shaky and i just don't feel like myself. i can't focus and my migraine is not any better. i have also experienced increased vertigo which is terrible since i faint and fall over all the time anyways due to this migraine. in my opinion not a good drug for migraines then again i have tried almost everything on the market so maybe it will work for others.
455: this medicine made me sick
456: Ive been on this med for 2yrs now. For Complex Reginal Pain Syndrom. Due to a severe Fall shattering my hand and arm. Medication has helped no dought, but has its faults. Weight gain. Ive always been at a normal wieght, no problem all of my 50 yrs.But even after extreme wieght loss plan can not get rid of the wieght of 30 lbs in 2 yrs.
457: Took this drug for nerve pain in the leg. The pain is a LITTLE better, but now I have tingling in BOTH feet. After I elevated to the 1800mg/day dose, I had some problems with running words together and concentration. Two days ago I blacked out while driving and had gone over 6 miles without know where I was or how I got there. I then started talking about a store that had gone out of business over 30 years ago. I ended up in the emergency room because the nurse I talked with thought I was having a stroke. After MANY test, including a CT scan, and consults with several specialists, it was determined that I was suffering from drug induced amnesia. I am now on a withdrwal program from the drug.Read More Read Less
458: pain in left shoulder and back
459: Have used to several years.  given to me for nervous legs.  However, I have found that by deleting dairy (milk, ice cream, cottage cheese, yogurt) from my diet relieves my leg spasms.  Even on this drug, if i have dairy, I spend the night in agony.  My drs say there is no connection between nervous legs and dairy.  Does anyone else have this problem?  By the way, I love yogurt so this sucks big time.
460: Taking this for Whole-body Restless Legs Syndrome since Thanksgiving '21. Coincidentally also drink too much alcohol, have depression and anxiety, and severe nerve pain from shoddy epidural 25 years ago. I am medicated for all the above except the nerve pain.

After two months of taking this I can say: reduced nerve pain in thigh, greatly subdued RLS, no effect on mental state, REDUCED extreme PMS (including PMS alcohol cravings). I am a happy camper with Gabapentin.
461: AFTER TAKING for a couple weeks feel very difficult wake up in the morning, dizzy, disoriented, weak,feel like throwing up,gas.
462: I have severe sciatic pain which rendered me unable to sit for more than a minute without pain and physical therapy was no longer effective. I was unable to work at my desk job for several months before taking this medication. It works. I can sit. Occasionally I can feel slight discomfort indicating that the problem has not been fixed, but this makes me able to function until it is fixed.
463: I have the occasional dizziness and vision problems but the side effects are little in compare to the pain I have without it.   I have had two back surgeries and now have complete loss of feeling in the legs and feet, except for the occasional pain "exploding" in my feet.
464: For the past 10 years I have had severe migraines everyday. I have used numerous medications (15 different types). Last year my neourologist prescibed this medication, Gabapentin. Now that I have taken it for over a year, my migraines have been reduced to 2, 5-10 hour migraines a week. So I can say I am pleased with this medication. I haven't noticed any severe side effects other than slight drowsiness, and little dizziness. But overall I am satisfied, and still taking it.
465: I'd been suffering w/ migraines for 20 yrs, some months 18 days out of the month. I wanted to hug my Dr - now have only ~2 per month assoc. w/ hormones. Recently diag. w/ fibromyalgia, my dose was increased and after 4 days at new dose overall severe achiness decreased by 80%. (only at new dose for a week now) Will discuss status today w/ Dr. This med has given me my freedom back.
466: nightmares and extreme anger in these dreams
467: I was put on this for right leg pain due to nerve damage from arthritis in my L4/L5, S1/S2 vertebraes, I also have facet arothopy in these joints, and a bulging disk.  They put me on this med for the nerve pain and tingling, shocking that was happening in my right leg. I was on it from Jan until Oct.  It was caused weight gain, and I could not miss a dose or go late on taking a dose, I was taking 300mcg/3xday, 600mcg at bed.  I experience drowsiness, nausea, fatigue, dizziness. It was awful. It controlled the pain somewhat but not enough to consider staying on the med, when i was gradually taken off it, I ended up miserable for 3 days due to the withdrawal/side effects. I have talked to differant people, they have had good luck and others have had the same experience as I.  Since going off the med I have lost the weight, but the side effects of the med were not worth it for me to continue the med
468: doesnt work makes me angrier and very moody.Experiencing alot of different side effects.
469: I have been taking Gabapentin for over 10 years. I take 3 800mg. tablets and 3 400mg. tablets every day. I also take Amtrypiline 50 mg. at bedtime. I hate the side effects. I have very bad balance, an extremely dry mouth, a tremor, memory loss, difficulty thinking and get confused. I am hesitant about cutting down, although  I have done so at times. This europathy has really ruined my life.
470: Neurontin did help the neuropathic pain in my arms but at an unacceptable cost (persistent diarrhea).  I took it for two months before I gave up and switched to the highly expensive Lyrica. More relief and no side effects!
471: I have been placed on 1800 mg per day.  I take 600 mg tablets three times a day for diabetic neuropathy.  The meds are effective but the dosage puts me to sleep almost every afternoon and am quite dizzy.
472: Within a half hour of taking this drug I felt drowsiness and some dizziness. I also have some loss of coordination. My Dr. prescribed this medicine for a recurring pain on the right side of my head. I will not continue this medicine. I will go back to taking Aleve.
473: I HAVE BEEN TAKEN IT SINCE 2004, IT IS A LIFE SAVER FOR. IT REALLY HELPS ALOT.
474: Dr. prescribed 3x a day 300mg for Shingles.  It doesn’t touch the pain.  I told my Dr. that he gave me a placebo prescription.  No comment but he did give me more Oxycodone and that that works (and knocks me out).
475: Medication has helped with the nerve pain in my back, legs and ankles and feet.  Other pain is managed by other medication.  Between the two, I am ok but feel as though I am in a fog all of the time.  I am extremely tired always.  I awake as though I have not slept at all.
476: I have side effets such as lack of energy, shaking, balance problems.  feeling of unwellness.
477: I have 2 herniated discs and sciatica. I had moderate relief with this, but started having ringing, hissing noise in my ears. Stopped taking it and hearing is much better. If it works for you continue taking it. I didn't experience any other side effects.
478: I had four side effects itching dizziness chest pain and trouble breathing
479: Worked quickly, but had to increase dosage fairly soon from 100mg to 300mg 3/day. Works well combined with Alpha Lipoic Acid but sometimes the neuropathy 'leaks' through. Overall, I am satisfied for now & hope this works for a long, long time.
480: It worked on the first day, I started for night sweats. Little drowsiness on first couple of days. But now I'm happy to finally find sometime for night sweats and hot flashes.
481: it has helped me get out of bed easier.  Their was times when I couldn't even move I take one pill and I can function..
482: I just started taking this medication so I can’t say just yet
483: It doesn't last very long.
484: I have only been on this med for 4 weeks, but I really don't see any difference in me.
485: After the second day I started to feel relief.  My nerve had no more pain.  After three and a half years of pain and zings going up my left cheek in my face, I was pain free.  Just a note:  when I went down in the dose on the fourth day, I started to feel the pain again.  I neeed to talk to to Dr. about that when I see him again this coming week.      One very very important side note:  I have depression and am 45 years old.  Since I have been on this medication, my mood has been steady and I have not felt as good in the 19 years since my diagnosis and all the medications I have tried.  This was a gift from the Lord to have two cures with one medication, a medication I never knew existed.Read More Read Less
486: Ive been taking this for about one week 1200mgs/day. But I was prescribed for general anxienty after I could tolerate celexa. This is not a use that is listed on WebMd. I cannot say that its working though, I feel spacy and I feel kida drunk since I got on it. Like I know whats going on but I feel like im not here. Anyway thats my story.
487: I never could take as much as ordered, the pain from the side effects were worse than the pain from the nerve damage which is bad.
488: 100 mg gave me terrible mood swings that reminded me of a drunk I knew. Everybodys friend one minute, frothing rage the next. horible drug. Cannabis is far more effective for treating paresthesia.
489: I used this drug to treat my shingles.  It did deal with the nerve pain.  I didn't discern any side effects while I had the shingles except for my mood.  I found myself having negative thought about everything.  Any situation I was in, whatever thought crossed my mind, it was negative.  I was a bitch and didn't even know it for a while.    After I stropped taking the drug (weaning myself slowly over 5 days), I thought the bitchiness would leave.  It's been 2 weeks and it's mostly gone, but there are other side effects.  I have a bad case of dry mouth.  I drink gallons of water a day now.  I also find my joints (wrists, elbows, shoulders and knees) are sore especially upon waking, and they are weak.  I don't know if this is a drug side effect or just due to inactivity for 2 months.  It's great that it helped my nerve pain, but side effects are a bitch.  Read More Read Less
490: feet swelling, difficult breathing on slight exertation,decrease urine output and dark urine
491: I have pain in nerve endings in my arms and hands.  I do not know why.  It has helped until now but not at all with this last prescription.  It has gotten worse over the last 5 years.  I am 66 years old, female.
492: Eased chronic back pain.....worked great....no side effects.  Took at bedtime and sometimes has a lingering subdued effect the next day.
493: I was diagnosed with herniated disc, bulging discs and some spinal stenosis. MD started me on 100 mg twice a day. After taking for 30 days with no improvement, he has increased it to 300 mg twice per day. the lower dosage had no effect on me at all. I am hoping the increased dosage will help with the burning and pain in my lower leg from the knee down to my ankle. I do not need the weight gain, but if it helps the pain, I might just be able to actually move around some, which would help with that concern. Right now, I am almost completely homebound due to pain, and unable to walk or stand for any length of time.Read More Read Less
494: I am a 71yr old female who has severe RA for 47yrs.  I have tried every new drug as it comes on the market. it works for a while and then we try something new...right now I am in remission on injections of methotrexate and   Enbril once a week. About 18 mos. ago the doctor told me I had carpal tunnel syndrome and was sent for the testing and it showed CTS. I had no pain or symptoms associated with this. I kept telling my GP and Rheumatologist the symptoms I was having was coming from my neck...In 2007 I had fusion of cervical 1,2,3.  The symptoms I was having were pain, "creepy   crawlies" from shoulders to fingers and lower legs and feet. After much whining, the Rheumatologist ordered X-rays and an MRI. then sent me to a neurologist who sent me to Mayo Clinic to see a neurologist and the neurosurgeon who did the fusion in '07. the diagnosis was ankylosing spondylitis of #'s 4 and 5. To make a long story short, I was prescribed gabapentin and it has made a real   difference in my quality of life! the only side effect is weight gain....but that can be  remedied by GOING SHOPPING!Read More Read Less
495: I take 1200 mg 3x day for several conditions. I'm not sure it is really helping any of them. I'm just so tired of all the meds and all
496: I take this drug for MS. It has worked well for me, however, i take very large amounts of the med. The side effect most bothersome is "excessive weight gain". I need to pay close attention to my appetite or my eating can get out of control. It has helped with my nerve pain sensations.
497: I have had extreme pain in my pelvic area for over 2 years - Seen dozens of doctors, had dozens of tests - no results.  I could take all of the pain pills I was offered but felt totally out of it when I did.  So I chose not to, and the pain was unrelenting.  My life was laying in bed, not going any where, suffering.  This medication was like a miracle. Pain relieved in days, and continues to this day.  Have a few of the side effects, but none that would stop me from taking this.  However, I have gained so much weight, am exercising and dieting, and continue to gain weight.  Am thinking it is the meds.Read More Read Less
498: i was put on this for RLS, then it stopped working and i was put on requip, but my back pain got worse, so now i take 600mg of this and 2mg of requip. still have many nights that my legs dont stop moving till late. getting 5hrs of sleep is good for me. It hasnt given me bad side effects like other meds i have tried.
499: Not only did I not get relief, but had horrid edema from taking this med. I was on 100mg/3xday and that did not affect my pain level. (I have a "dislocated SI joint following a spine surgery 4 months prior to this, which I think happened suddenly from shoveling snow in FEB...now June and still in horrid pain with certain movements) so the doc upped the dose to 300mg/3xday. Still no help with pain, but I gained 20 pounds and had very swollen feet and legs. I went off the gab three days ago (gradually) and tho my pain is not increased (because it never decreased) I am seeing a bit of lessening of the swelling of my feet. They got so swollen that I felt like I had bruised them. I also got very swollen in my face and neck, too. So I say Thank goodnes I am seeing some progress from going off the Gab.     PS just incase the person who posted about Tegretol sees this. I was on that for Fibro years ago and started getting granulomas on my gums. They had to be removed and cost me a tooth and a lot of cavities because they pushed the gum away from the teeth. It is one of the side effects that I hope you don't get.Read More Read Less
500: this drug has a slow effectiveness with me. it creeps up on me. However it really helps with my nerve pain.
501: It helps the pain I have associated with MS. I've noticed the pain returns if I'm late taking it... 3x daily, 300mg each
502: Works very well in getting ride of pain.
503: Post herpetic pain not relieved by this medication at all.
504: Started at 900mg a day but am now at only 300mg a day.  It's the only thing that has erased my arm pain/ache. Only lowered the dose because it really made me "loopy".
505: Extreme sleeply; but the hot spots are coming back from the Fibromyalgia since I skipped the morning pill.
506: I HAVE BOWEL INCONTINENCE
507: My Doctor put me on Gabapentin for Restless Leg Syndrome ( with severe back pain).  After two nights, so far, so good.  I will say that it is difficult to wake up in the morning.  Very groggy.
508: I've been taking 4 capsules of 300 mg along with 10-12 percocet 5-325 mg per day.  I'm not noticing any side effects except a little light headedness if I turn my head too quickly.  I still have the nerve pain from ruptured disc but this combination does cut it.  I feel I've had no affect in my alertness.  I take 1 ambien before bed to try to hold the pain away while sleeping at night but I don't usually sleep more than 4-5 hours anyway.  Regardless, I hope that I'm not on these meds more than a few weeks unless surgery is necessary.Read More Read Less
509: it makes little difference still require morphine
510: I was to take 300mg daily for pain after shingles.  Since I am extremely thin, I started taking only 200mg a day at night.  I have experienced severe itching on my face, where the I had the shingles.  I am now getting dizzy spells.  I am slowly weaning myself off this drug.  Horrible!
511: I have been on this about 3-4 months went from 100mg to 300mg to 900mg.  Trying to wean off this medication is daunting.  There are the hot flashes (and I'm postmenopausal), sweating profusely, headaches, still have the swelling, constant thirst and feeling like maybe my depression is trying to come back (haven't had it years).  Oh this so sucks!
512: i was sick to my stomach and i got every tried
513: I have been taking gabapentin for extreme anxiety.
514: I required developed severe lumbar pain two months after giving birth. I had two bulging discs.  I ended up requiring a spinal fusion, but gabapentin is the only drug that ever did anything to dull the nerve pain. I am on a low dose of 100mg but am authorized to take as much as 600mg. I recommend the drug for neuropathy and disc problems. The only disadvantage/side effect for me is the constipation.
515: I am on a fairly high dose of gabapentin for nerve pain associated with an autoimmune disease.  It tends to lessen the pain, burning, pins and needles that I have in my legs.  It originally made me very drowsy after taking it, but my body has adjusted and I tolerate it well.  I tried Lyrica at one point, but that made my feet and ankles swell up too much.  This drug is effective for my condition.
516: I was put on this med for severe anxiety and panic attacks.  I was highly dulled so the anxiety did subside; but so did the enjoyment of life.  I was also very sleepy all the time and had to work really hard to stay awake.  I gained about 30 pounds in 3 months.  The side effects for me outweighed the benefits so I am trying new meds.
517: No side effects so far fairly good results which i just started on it.
518: I take this medicine every 8 hrs. and i find that if i forget to take it the pain is terrible but within 15-20 minutes after taking it the pain has stopped. Without the medicine i would not be able to sleep at night.
519: It still doesn't work well.  My pain started after a operation in my right leg groin area and removal of gangrene in my right heel.  The problem started the the same day of the surgeries, almost immediately after, and has not gone away sine.  Surgery was done Sept. 2009 and the pain still continues.
520: Chronic pain is absolutely not remotely touched by this.
521: bloating, weight gain, open sores
522: I suffered for 18 months with severe burning in right arm and back. My doctor originally treated me for allergies. I told him the burning was so severe, I thought I could not cope anymore. I had previously had shingles, so finally got relief with nuerotin. It is a wonder drug for me.
523: I have had many problems with depression for many years. I started taking gabapentin on my own for nerve discomfort following foot surgery. However, it greatly improved my mood, thoughts and feelings, and overall attitude. However, I have had the side effects of unusual hoarseness of my voice (not listed on web.md, but listed in the medication guide I got from the pharmacy), and diarrhea. I have been taking 600mg three times a day, but I am only going to take it twice a day from now (Saturday) til I can talk to my doctor's office Tuesday, as Monday is a holiday. Do the pros outweigh the cons?Read More Read Less
524: Taking gabapentin for nerve pain. Side effects are terrible had to stay in bed for days .So tired day and night and dizzy. I wish there was something u can take to stop being tired. It's dreadful it's a shame because it does work but side effects are terrible. I am trying to get off it. Only take 900 mg a day 1 -300mg every 8 hours sometimes u get break through pain doctor told me to increase to 1-600 mg every 8 hours no way . One 300 mg makes me waisted please be very careful with this medicine.Read More Read Less
525: Pinched nerve in my shoulder.  Taking 600mg, three times a day.  Reduces the pain to almost no pain at all.  Seems to cause blood-shot eyes.  Anything that reduces the pain I give a 5.
526: I have used this drug for neuropathic pain associated with Secondary Progressive Multiple Sclerosis.
527: Do not like it at all. Developed a big rash under my breast under and below it itches like crazy. Told the doctor about the rash they have been sending me creams but they do not work to take it out. The last time that I went they said they are not sure what it is. Also get nervous taking that medication
528: I was prescribed this with a combo of other meds when I went to the doctor for help with getting off alcohol. Was given for insomnia I believe. I believe it helps with withdrawls as well. It does work, I do sleep better with it, at the same time, I seem to be sleepy all the time. Plus I have gained weight, which is a side effect. Not sure if its because I'm more hungry or because I'm too tired to exercise. I am going to see if I can get off of it as my last refill is nearly empty. Good luck with it all, hope it works for you. Be well...Read More Read Less
529: i have this is very good no more pain in my legs and the burning in my feet has went away
530: I take 300 mg gab and I too have problems waking up and staying awake not only in the morning but throughout the day.  I have no energy and I firmly believe that this medicine is associated with my short-term memory loss.  I plan on discontinuing this medication but need an alternative for my diabetic neuropathy.
531: I am using Gabepentin for neuropathy pain due to spine surgery and its effectivness is questionable.
532: I took this medication for 2 months at 300mg 1 time a day at bedtime. I was so drunk feeling and disoriented that I had trouble driving to work in the mornings. It also caused my eyes to twitch. I have quit taking this and switched to 50mg of Lyrica 1 time a day. So far it has not helped the fibromyalgia pain either.
533: Made me a little sleepy at first, dos nothing at all for my pai, and made me retain a ton of water to the point where I could barely even urinate it was a horrible experience
534: gabapentin has taken the burning and stinging out of my feet  this drug really made my life much better  but if I miss a dose by a hour or so I KNOW IT
535: The best way I can describe how this medication has helped me is to relate it. The aahh feeling you get when you lay down after a tiring day is how much stress it has relieved in my body as a whole.I sleep better. It has been many years since I woke with a smile.I have gained weight that I don't care much for.But feeling better I want to eat.(smiles)I have nerve pain and cramping in my legs that this medication has helped.I sleep deeper.Over all, mentally I feel Much Better!
536: hello,i've been taking gabapentin for two years for perriferal neopathy... sever back pain.. it dosen't seem to do anything  for my pain.also dose it help with weight loss?
537: I hadn 't sleep more than 2 hours at a time  without having to jump out of bed with severe leg pain I now am sleeping thru the night No more pain I am amazed and relieved  It does leave me groggy tho
538: a little dizzy with first dose but worked very well.
539: Taking this for sciatic nerve pain radiating from my back down left leg literally all day every day, presumably caused by 2 disc protrusions L4-L5, L5-S1 and arthritis inflammation. I've been taking it for about a month now - 300mg 3x day. Still no relief, no side effects. I have a very high tolerance for medications, or maybe it's because I'm over weight, who knows. Doc appt next week to see what the next step is.
540: Prescribed for pain with shingles.  Not very effective except as a sleeping aid.
541: Have been on 300mg 3 pill 3 times a day and have notice no difference yet, I've only been taking this for 3 weeks and have this issue due to chemo.
542: Stopped shooting pains and most tingling and burning. Had to have dose increased over time.
543: I've been using oxycontin and oxcondone 40 mg and 15 mg (roxie) since 1986 for diabetic pain I've have tried all of the other meds but this is the correct one for me i will give this a try to see if i can get any better results for my legs,feet and hand problems.
544: I started my 100mg dose in the afternoon and I felt great at first after a few hours I started feeling like I was in a dream almost hallucinated kind of state ,loss of coordination and started feeling wide awake and restless , I dont do well with different meds for some reason but the side affects are not worth it for me , my blood pressure also went up, I called the doctor and he told me to get off of it so good luck to anyone taking this , my mom and friends do just fine on this drug , just depends on the person.Read More Read Less
545: I have Chiari Malformation. My last episode the 4th Neurologist I have been sent to  prescribed Gabapentin for "complex migraine headeaches" which I was NOT experiencing. The pressure I was having in the back of my head does not seem to be as bad but the side effects are somewhat irritating. I have increased my dose from 300 mg per day to 600 and will increase next week to 900 mg/day. I have balance problems with the Chiari and they increase with the Gabapentin off and on. I feel drunk at times and I have noticed weight gain. Right now I'm neutral on how this is working for my symptoms as the side effects include the symptoms I am having problems with. I will post more when I get to 900 mg/day.Read More Read Less
546: she has hostility  problems she has dirrhea a lot she  sweats a lot and her hands and feet stay cold she crys a lot she very hate full.
547: pain running down from the right shoulder into finger tips,numbness,tinginaling in fingers,when touching finger tips feels hard and somewhat burns alittle,pain throughtout the right are dayin dayout.
548: I started this medication 24hrs ago. 100mg x3 daily. I know that bleeding is a rare side effect but I had blood coming out while urinating the very next day, has anyone else experienced this problem ?
549: This Med gave me my life back.  I was taking 300 mg 3X a day but after 4 months the paid was back.  I have just started the 600 mg 3X a day dosage so I'm hoping to get the same results as before.  The side effects at first are drowsiness.  I am always a little unsteady but these side effects are small compared to the benefits.
550: Have had relief from head pain but would like to know what long term use will result in.
551: It helps during the day but seems to not have any effect at night
552: i have been on this for about 8 months i was having back trouble my skin became very dry almost like goose bumps now after back surgure about 4 weeks ago my arms and hands and feet and legs became one big hive and swelling  i also get anger very easy has anyone else had this trouble my dr. said it wasn't from this med.
553: I have post nerupathic pain in my upper right back from having a case of shingles many years ago. The doc started me on 200mg 2x daily about one month ago.  The non-painful tingling I have in my back has decreased and the pain is out right gone.  The drug makes me sleepy and lethargic during the day so I backed off to 200mg once daily at bedtime.  The pain is still gone but taking the drug at bedtime makes it very hard for me to wake up and start functining in the morning and I can't take it during the day since it makes me fairly drowsy.  I was having some upper GI distress that seemed to subside when I reduced the dosage, but this is still to be proven that it was the drug or some other cause.  I do suffer from some depression and I think that the drug has possible worsened it a little.  I have not experienced any sexual side effects...yet.  But so far I think the drug has help me quite a bit.Read More Read Less
554: having seizure is not good and I'm unhappy but I have less seizure now that I take this medication.
555: I have taken this drug for 15 years. The effectiveness is dependent on the dose. Over times the dose has needed to be increased. A higher dose at night has helped my sleep
556: Took it for fibromyalgia pain, 600 3x a day. Pain decreased to almost nil but I am sleeping 10, 11, or 12 hours a night. But fairly deep, uninterrupted sleep, which is a treat for someone with fibro. Was told to stop taking when pain decreased, so am going off today.Curious to see how many hours I sleep tonight!
557: I have a lot of nerve pain in my feet from an accident. It doesn't completely eliminate episodes, but I have had a noticeable difference in the intensity and number of episodes. The minor side effects I have had was tiredness (at first) and minor swelling in my hands and feet. But, also, I have a lot of trouble with names and names of things in general. It's annoying, but in the end worth it if it means less chronic pain for me.
558: I have lupus & rheamatoid arthritis the dr. gavve me tnis & it made me deathly ill????
559: I HAVE BEEN TAKING THIS MEDICINE FOR TWO WEEKS NOW AND IT HAS HELPED THE NERVES IN MY BACK SO I CAN SLEEP NOW
560: I have been on meds, for severe depression for 40 years.  After I stared to cry all of a sudden for no reason, on and off, I looked up the med. information.  Itâ?? A Warning, not a side effect of this Gabapentin.  Getting off because because I just felt like dying.  The Dr. has a list o f my meds.  I guess they donâ??t have time to check out this kind of info out.  wHy ask when you fill out papers.  Also, I feel like crap fr this med.  be careful.
561: I have nerve pain in both legs.  I have been taking Vicodin 1500 milligrams a day and also a muscle relaxer.  They were becoming very ineffective for my pain.  I have been taking 900 milligrams a day of gabapentin.  I do have to worry about the headaches and lack of muscle coordination.  I take antidepressants and I have been dealing with suicidal thoughts since being on the medication.  I am not sure that this medication is for me.  I have been taking it for less than 3 weeks, I will give it more time to know for sure.Read More Read Less
562: I started taking medication for hot flashes & not sleeping at night. Worked fine until I felt drousy,tired & disoriented in the morning. I also developed hand tremors. I self weened myself off. Don't think I would take again. I was on 600mg 2x daily. I split capsule into fouths and took 1x daily instead.
563: I just started taking (day 2) to help with pain from arthritis. I increased from 1 to 3 3000mg a day. So far only notice sick to my stomach,more tiredness and vision trouble. No pain relief but may have to take longer to notice effects. The ill feeling,stomach aches and fatigue with no pain relief is frustrating.
564: Was actually prescribed this for pain related to pancreas failure. It helped with that but it Really helped the most withy seizure control. After a week of weird side effects, just being tired and chatty, I got used to it and was able to function. My neurologist won't prescribe this medication as an add on therapy, even though it treated my seizures well and I'm not sure why. Currently, i I do not have seizure control any more since I've been off the medicine.
565: I used this med. to stop the severe nerve pain I was  having in my head. I had to have 2 shots in my head,but after that the Gabapentin has stopped any future pains. I am 100% happy with the result from this med.
566: My experience with this medication is a results of having two hip replacement surgeries and prostate surgery plus lumbar spondylosis.  It has aided me in living a new differ type of norm in life. I take the medicine along with other medication and does produce a drowsy affect by which I do exercise care when driving and limit driving to short distances.  It appears according to my primary care physician that I will have to be on the medicine for the rest of my days.  My being on this medicine is because of an injury.  However it has aided me in recovery and physical theraphy
567: Pain is not relieved.
568: I have been diagnosed with peripheral neuropathy not related to diabetes. Take 1 300mg capsule twice a day.  Seems like it worked better in beginning, however I have had continual eye/vision disturbances. Itchy skin, itchy eyes, blurred/double vision, have to close eyes often and use drops to try and help.  I can see by reading other folks input that I have had many of the same side effects. My hands have been so painful and feet too. My hands are curling into the palms. Middle fingers worse.  I don't think the doctors realize what some of the side effects could be...I had mentioned some of these things already, no validation etc. Lightheaded and couple of times driving I forgot what road I was taking to get home.  Very scary stuff.  I'll end here. My doctor and I agree that I will wean off and see what is what then.Read More Read Less
569: I originally started on 300mg 2x daily. After awhile it didn't help with joint pain in the knees and hips. Dr. increased it to a total of 1,200mg a day and have had excellent results.
570: I suffer from severe nerve pain from my neck, to mid-lower back, and down to my lower back into my pelvic area. This i from nerve pain due to a pinch nerve. This medication has helped me to be able to manage the pain that I experience on a constant daily basis in my life.
571: I am suffering peripheral neuropathy from a reaction to taking Chantix.  Until I was prescribed this medicine, the pain was unbearable.  I take 300mg 3times an day and it makes most of the signs very minimal and definately bearable.  I do find it hard to concetrate and remember short term some though.
572: I have been useing this medication to treat fibromylgia pain for the past year and a half. I must admit nothing takes all the pain away but ..I could not function with out this one. I also get the brain fog from it and could sleep more but I try to keep a rigid schedual so my life stays in a routine.  All in all this medication works great for  me.
573: I lost muscular control. Stood in hallway balancing on my cane at night for 20 min. trying to get back to bed. Couldn't get legs to move.
574: can you tell me if it interact with sexdrive
575: Taking this drug for all over fibromyalgia pain.  I believe it is helping me quite a bit.  And a nice side effect is my plantar faciitis that I have had for over a year has all but disappeared!!!  Just starting taking some during the day instead of just night.  Very dizzy and sleepy.  Hope that goes away.  Will weigh tomorrow,,,hoping no weight gain.  I am very active!!
576: makes this person happy not angry calming
577: The medication works well but it's a little hard dealing with the drowsiness and lack of cordination especially when you still require to work. I work a desk job and my thought process and movements are slow most times and so "hop to it" will have to be left to the rabbits. Oh it gets done but at a little slower pace like a turtle. Good thing my boss likes turtle sauce pique' cause I'd a been a goner for sure. The side effects are more tolerable than the pain.  I look forward someday to not have to work this way. My best to you all and God Bless! Susan  Age 53/Widow  Louisiana  P.S. I don't think older people should take this because it may make them fall.Read More Read Less
578: Pain deep with in my leg. I'm paralyzed from my knees down to my toes. There is a funny shaped thing within my thigh on my left side.
579: I take one capsule 300MG once a day before I go to sleep at night
580: I have peripheral neuropathy with numbness abd pain in both feet. Dr. started me at 300 mg and I was still having pain and burning. Dose was doubled to 600 mg and the pain and burning went away. I have not experienced any negative side effects but do seem to want to sleep later than my normal 8 hours.
581: so far it helps my nerve pain in my legs
582: nerve pain in neck ....no relief
583: Had my shoulder replaced and nerves had to be cut in order to repair shoulder and arm.
584: I started taken Gabapentin early this year for "Diabetic Nerve Pain." It has help some. I'm on 900mg. 3x a day.I still have numbness in my legs and feet. I guess it will take time. I was on 300mg. 3x a day.
585: I was given this in the hospital for lorazapam withdrawl and possible seizures getting off lorazam.  This drug is deadly.  getting off it will make you so sick.  I have tried to decrease my dosage slowly but I got deadly ill.  I want to sue the hospital that put me on this shit.
586: works great
587: Have had peripheal neuropathy for 2 years now with pain and numbness in my legs feet and arms and hands. Sometimes the shoulders. It's hard to type anymore and can't do needlework but the Gab has at least helped me in not dropping things. And I have to agree with a couple reviewers, if you are LATE with a dose oh boy you know it! I have been on 800MG'sX3 for a year and half now. Still have balance problems tho but that is partly caused by one leg shorter than the other ever since a hip implant. Strangely enough the neuropathy showed up after the implant but I don't think  that was the cause, it had been coming on for quite awhile,I just didn't know what neuropathy was. Dr tried other drugs but they made me feel funny so he put me on the Gab and within a month a lot of the stiffness and pain went away. Exercise helps with the stiffness and pain but when it's time for that next dose your body lets you know!! For me takes about 1/2 hr for it to kick in. But been having vision problems and wondering if it's time to change the dosage. Seeing Dr in a week, he'll decide.Read More Read Less
588: No relief from spine related nerve pain.
589: I just started using this drug and it seems to relieve the pain from dammaged nerves in my foot but I have a dizzy sleepy disconected feeling that continues through the day  I would not be comfortable driving
590: It take a long time to work, I can take it at bedtime and I still experience my legs moving and hurting for some time afterward.  Also it make me gain weight.
591: I have gained 10lbs in the 8 weeks I have been on this medicine and I am now weaning myself off of it.
592: One of the worst drugs I ever took.Avoid!It caused me to be tired all day/brain fog. Worse by far are the withdrawel symptoms.Can't believe doctor did this to me. And I only took 2 capsules a day.Anything that messes with your brain's delicate neurotransmitter balance is bad news. I wish someone had warned me.Just glad I'm off of them for good!
593: I have been on Gabapebtin, and the side effects are very terrible..I have actually gained 70 lbs, mood changes,vision changes...make sure you really need this Med! if not don't start!!!!!
594: I have Fibromyalgia and have just tried to deal with nerve pain without taking anything. I do not like to take ant medications and have managed the nerve pain with staying active and exercising. About 3 months ago I saw a new doctor who prescribed Gabepentin 300 mg once a day. I took the medication at bedtime and after the first dose not only did I get my first good night sleep in years, I woke up refreshed and with no pain at all. I am very happy with the results of this medication and have not experienced any side effects.Read More Read Less
595: Immediately upon starting this drug, I experienced terrible flu-like symptoms. I was so desperate to gain some pain relief, that I continued taking it for 3+ weeks for the minimal relief it provided at 3-300mg tabs per day. My stomach has now been a mess, with constant nausea and pain (I'd just gotten my ulcers and reflux under control before starting this med). I decided to go off the med, but it has been two weeks now and the misery is still with me. So angry at my dr for prescribing this med! Don't try it if you've got a tender stomach! Now, I've got miserable nausea, gas pains that wake me in the night, am weak, unable to eat, have alternating chills and sweats, and my pain is untreated as I wait to see a pain specialist because my dr is afraid to prescribe anything else. Oh, and even after only being on the drug for a short time, when going off of it you can expect terrible withdrawal symptoms like an alcoholic going through the DTs.Read More Read Less
596: I have noticed I have  tremors the following day. I was prescribed 600mg of this medication for restless leg syndrome.It works and is easy to use however since I am trying to figure out why I shake so bad. I cut the tablet in two and it seemed to help some but still have bad shaking and blurred vision, very unsteady on my feet and balance problems.I started to research this medicine.I have been diagnosed with hashimoto's encephalop. I take Levothyroxine 75mg for that.felt maybe these symptoms were  related to the Hashimoto Encephalop.Read More Read Less
597: I was put on this drug for nerve pain after my second surgery for herniated discs. I was told that I would feel no improvement until a month had passed. The first week was pain free, but since then have had to bridge the doses with Vicodin to get through the day. My feet still go from hot to cold, my ankles swell, and the burning, tingling in the sciatic nerve area never really goes away. The only bonus now is that it lessens the severity of my hot flashes.
598: This is a Warning about this "Gabapentin" medicene.My daughter was diagnosed with Menieres diease about 14 years ago.She went to doctor in Tennesse the doctor said she was over 'Medicated".The doctor said the Gabapentin was a very Dangerous drug to be taken.He told her to threw them away.It is mustly is been taken for seizures.She don't have seizures but has Menieres.Don't take this medicene for anything this causes alot things that will go wrong with you!Look on WedMD about the Warning this does to your body.Everyone of these warnings are daughter has then as well. WARNING Thank you!Read More Read Less
599: I have been on Vicodin for over 4 years for fibromyalgia & wanted to get off it ... Doctor offered this & since I am just getting used to it I am very Happy!!! ( I am lucky I guess as it seemed to help right away) But am still having some shoulder & neck pain which I am hoping with the full dosage that will also calm down.
600: I took the medicine for less than a week and around day 2, I started having increased acid reflux and it constantly felt like my throat was closing. I discontinued this medicine and went back to Lyrica which held no side effects for me.
601: did this drug cause night hallusations day time tirdness go to sleep with out even a yawn ect.?
602: I used to take 300 mg for sleep at night but then my doctor prescribed 100 to take during the day for anxiety. This was too much for me and I got depressed. I've been off of it for a while, and I was having an anxiety attack today. I took it (100 mg), and within minutes I was feeling better. If it causes depression, then I'm gonna have to deal with that, but I love what it did for my anxiety.
603: This has worked for my hot flashes and sleeplessness, although I have no energy anymore. I used to out-work anyone, now I wouldn't mind sitting on the couch watching tv all day. This is just not my way of life. I think I will discontinue. Oh, and I have a headache most of the time too.
604: I have no problem with the drug other then the side effects experienced when stopping the drug all at once.  Bad side effects as drug is edictive.  Are there any other people who can tell me about their problems in this area?
605: feel like a zombie,unco-ordination.
606: I am 55 and have had headaches, neck and shoulder pain due to ruptured disks and bone spurs in my neck since I was 20.  Have taken just about everything to help with the pain and was just recently prescribed Gabapentin.  It has worked wonders for me and has just about done away with my headaches and cronic pain in my neck and shoulders.
607: I suffer from extreme migraines


I find this drug helps to ease the intensity  of the migraines I do get. Reduces the amount of migraines I get

Cons: find it hard to stay asleep at night time on this drug. Day I am drowsy and am barely functional.
608: I have fibromyaglia,the first 300mg cap. I took made me very sick at my stomach,rapid hearbeat,rash,trouble breathing and itching and was disorented,and shakey.I would not recommend takeing this drug at all.
609: Firstly, did not seem to help seizures much.  Two weeks after starting meds had episode of multiple seizures, one of my worst ever.  Gabapentin also made me feel high, especially during first week of taking it, immediately had concerns of possible addictive qualities.  Normally I have trouble remembering to take meds, but not this one because was always waiting to take more.  Side effects also untolerable - brain fog and slower thinking processes, sleepiness, and worst of all became emotional zombie.  I was always in a good mood, and it did wonders for my anxiety, but always the same mood - unable to feel excited about good news or feel sad in appropriate moments (i.e. hearing a close friend had still born baby, no emotional response).  This emotional stasis also killed my sex drive and made it impossible to have orgasms.  Waited a month to see if side effects would decrease over time, but still terrible.  Tapered off as soon as I could consult with doctor.Read More Read Less
610: I was put on 300mg once a day some 6 yrs ago for Cspine & Lspine nerve damage. I take it at bed time and it's the only way I can sleep. I know when it's wearing off as the pains start up again after about 8 hrs. Of late I feel as though I need to increase the dose as my condition is getting worse and I am waiting for 3 ops to hopefully sort it all out :-)
611: I take 300mg in morning and at noon then 600mg at night.  It has been great with no side effects.  It also helped with hot flashes and moodyness.
612: I was having bad chest pains after a medication change. The Gabapentin was the geratest relife I found since Cymbalta, which I can't take any more.
613: anyone taking this for depression,bipolar syptoms
614: I have pinched nerves originating from herniated discs in my lower spine. I get an occasional "drunk" feeling from this medication but it is much better than the pain. Other than that no side effects have been noted.
615: try to replace percocets
616: It made me dizzy,vertigo,had no control walking, my speech was slurry after having only one glass of wine: shortness of breath.I was on for 6 days. I asked my doctor to take me off of it. I was taking it for my hot flashes.I rather have hot flashes than having the sytems I was having.
617: This medication has change mine whole life from being an out going person to a very depressed person. Would not tell anyone to take this medication.
618: I was just prescribed this medication for my panic disorder/anxiety.  I have been taking Lorazepam daily for 6 months but it is an addictive med and my psychiatrist wants me weaned off.  She prescribed this (in addition to the Effexor XR 225mg I take daily for depression and anxiety) to help with the excessive anxiety I have been having as well as any withdrawal symptons I might have from weaning off the Lorazepam.  So far I love it.   My dosage is 300mg twice a day and I believe she said she would move it up after 1 month.  I am feeling relaxed and pleasant, although the first dose definitely made me feel slightly drunk, but I was home and relaxed so I had no problem with that ;)Read More Read Less
619: I have Trigeminal Neuralgia.  I began Gabapentin after severe reaction to Tegretol. I take 2100 mg daily.  Pain is lessened, but not gone, and I still have painful attacks early am and late pm.
620: It made 50% of my hair fall out within 60 days, aside for that it did help with nerve pain some.
621: I have noticed that I have huge swelling in my legs and feet.  I saw this can be a potential serious side effect.  Seeing Dr soon.
622: I have nerve pain from multiple auto immunes especially fibromyalgia. I also just had a laminectomy of L5 and S1 which helped the left side but has made my right leg feel like it is burning and my foot becomes too painful to bear weight. I 'fish flop' my foot now and the pain goes from my back down the back of my leg to my foot. I cannot take most pain meds so the surgical nurse told me to increase my gabapentin to 600mg 3X a day. I was taking 300mg 3X a day. WOW! I am sleeping great but hung over and walking so slowly to  my thinking anyway and I have a head tremor. I feel odd inside my chest. It has helped the severe pain but the fish flop continues and so does the sharp pain down my back and leg. I guess this is going to be as good as it gets. Anyone else have the head shakes?Read More Read Less
623: Works well to help with sleep or insomnia.
624: This was given for me for shingles that I still have.  I have had it for 3 months now and don't know when I will be free of shingles.
625: Instant pain relief.
626: Medication worked in the beginning but the longer I was on it and the higher dosage that was needed my side effects got worse the swelling in my hands, feet and ankles were terrible, my eyes were turning yellow and didn't know this was a possible side effect, and then there was the constant suicide thoughts not bad at first so overlooked it but as time went on the thoughts became overwhelming daily all day all the time and the crying and didn't realize it was because of this medication and/or dosage I was on 1800mg dailyRead More Read Less
627: The medication not only eased my nerve problem but also helped my urination problem.  I have had this problelm for over 30 years (getting uo 5 to 7 times a night.Have had all the test and nurology has had no idea what the problem was. Now 2 to 3 times.  The medication was not perscribed for this condition but has had a great side effect.
628: upsetstomach
629: I dont know what I have exactly, however- every 6 months or so, I get months of pain in my neck and arm. It is so painful it is intolerable. Demerol was the only solution, which is a terrible soloution and can be addictive. Gabapentin 400mg. FANTASTIC TOOK AWAY ALL PAIN.
630: I have been taking this medication for over 2 years because of back pain from several herniated discs.  It isn't perfect, but I am so grateful for it.  It does allow me to function well.  I have recommended that others with back pain, see a pain management specialist and mention the use of gabapentin. Some say it has brought significant relief, others not as much.  I think if you work with your pain management md, you can get significant help with this drug.
631: My family physician prescribed Gabapantin initially for leg cramps which I was having constant leg cramps nightly for more than 6 months.  However, I took it couple of nights but didn't relieved my leg cramps so I stopped taking it.  Then on 09-10-2013, I had a breast reconstruction done with abdomen surgery as well and I was on Hydrocodone for 4 weeks.  I opted to get off the Hydrocodone on my 5th week and I was able to managed my reconstruction pain by limiting my physical activities.  However, at times I over-do activities and I am in unbearable pain, so at night I take (1) Gabapantin tablet and that relieves my pain, relaxes me and I would sleep very well at night.  My surgeon knows that I have Gabapantin meds.  I am scheduled for my 2nd f/up on 10/31/13, I would discuss this med with my surgeon that I am taking it for my surgery pains.   E. Mankin - OG TXRead More Read Less
632: Have body and scalp itching that is terrible.  Lotions help only for short while.  Tried this medication for month,  prescribed by dermatologist, and it sapped all energy, was uncoordinated, listless.  He said condition was caused by "nerve endings"...Anyone here experienced this?
633: I have lots of pain in my feet it is not work for me. i take 300 mg per day for 4 weeks. AND HAD 2 DOSE OF LUMBER SYMPATHETIC BLOCKS.   NOT WORKING !!!! I NEED HELP...
634: only been a day
635: Hopefully it will stop my seizures.
636: Three hundred mg. at night for treatment of chronic long term insomnia, combined with reduced dosage of clonazapam.
It helps but not a lot. Its the clonazapam that really works well. Unfortunately its an opiate and doctor is trying to wean me off it. Not sleeping wall at all.
637: took it for persistent, severe nerve pain. After 4 doses of 1 capsule at night time I had no pain.  However, i developed unrelenting urinary incontinence.  Stopped the medication.  It's been now ten days since I stopped the drug and I am still without the nerve pain.
638: took this pill Oh my lord I have more pain & my feet& ankles  swollen so bad I couldn't walk. this did put me in to a deep sleep stop this right away
639: I was prescribed Horizant ER (600mg/day) for severe RLS. After three weeks, this drug has not provided any relief whatsoever. Would not recommend.
640: Used for relief of neuropathic pain from Shingles.  Only slightly effective for th itching burning and stabbing pain.  Made me extremely drowsy and lethargic. Some days I was hardly awake. Killed my appetite or desire for food. No very focused and had difficulty concentrating especially driving.  Started with 200mg three times daily now weaned down to 200 mg in the morning andd 100 at night. 18 months after the onset pain is gradually resolving and hope to be weaned off in a couple of weeks
641: A sleep specialist  has just prescribed gabapentin . The Dr. said that it SHOULD help me with the constant racing thoughts that I have when trying to sleep. Does anyone have any helpful thoughts on this?I have also been diagnosed with ADD.
642: Having severe pain in my feet from being a diabetic.  At night I was losing a lot of sleep, but it takes enough pain away so I can get a good night sleep.
643: I just started using this drug and felt immediate relief.  I have experienced acute pain in my hip, lower back that sometimes radiates down my leg to my foot.  I have tried many therapies and drugs.  I consider this one my miracle drug.  My pain is gone, the tingling in my hands has improved 80%. I am sleeping better than I have in a decade. I can't wait to get back to the gym.  I even feel like I could go jogging.  I am hoping with my doctor's approval to discontinue flexril and the anti-inflammatory medication I was taking to unsuccessfully ease my pain.Read More Read Less
644: HIGHLY ADDICTIVE...I have been taking 800mg 3X a day for years. I am prescribed for nerve damage and depression. It is an amazing drug, takes the pain and depression right away..... which is the problem. The drug creates a euphoric feeling if I take just 3 pills at a time. It is HIGHLY ADDICTIVE and if you stop taking them the depression comes back ten fold... wasn't able to move from  my bed for four days. Great drug if used properly and not abused. If you have an Addictive Personality I do not recommend. Too much can lead to extensive memory loss, dizziness, diarrhea, loss of coordination, and CLOUDED JUDGEMENT as if you were DRUNK
645: it does seem to help a little. had foot surgery nov 2011, can barely walk. next one is scheduled for oct 2012  helps with the pain, also has a calming effect...and I'm one of the lucky 1 in 1000, totally increased my sex drive!
646: have RLS !  this drug allows me to sleep every night   it is wonderful :)
647: it works but not to totally take the pain away.
648: I am using this drug to control pain due to a very bad back. As Drs are reluctant to perform my needed operation due to cost and perhaps my age, this drug helps me cope and get through the day. I was reluctant to take more but my Dr. assured me it is not habit forming so I take what I need when I need it.
649: I have to drive for my job and I have had to skip taking the medication in the mornings because it made me feel very dizzy, light headed, and even a little buzzed.
650: This medication works great for Restless Leg Syndrome. I couldn't sleep at night my legs were so bad and now I don't even feel the quivering.
651: It did not help with the pain.
652: I have been on the 800Mg 3 times a day now for a year, and it its the best thing that  to control the never damage pain. It did take about 3 Weeks for the dizziness to stop.
653: Started taking this a week ago.  Gained 8 pounds and still have horrible pain.
654: Started taking after severe case of shingles on left side of forehead which eventually affected left eye.  Dermatol. suggested this with Zonalon cream and together they made the itching and buring bearable.  Started 1200mg 4x/day and weaned to 300 mg 3x/day over 3months.  Have had huge weight gain and still need ice pack to sleep at night but drug has enabled me to begin to regain normal life and return to work, driving, etc.  I believe management of dermatologist during my post shingles has been critical as she seemed to know the latest rx options. Started to develop foot pain/throbbing when standing or walking in last few weeks which I believe is from the drug. Hope to wean off asap and pray itching and pain will not return.Read More Read Less
655: Nerve pain after shingles....2 pills a day. Took this med for 2 weeks...OMG...did NOT help pain.  Legs, feet body swollen.  Could not think straight. Crying...etc.Mood swings.  I had a horrible reaction to it.  If it's for you then fine...DEFINITELY NOT FOR ME!!
656: had shingles doctor gave mefor the pain after an antiinflamatory drug first then tramadol now this and none really seem to work!
657: slept almost all day got up to go to the bathroom and right back to sleep. Could not function on this medication and could not care for my family
658: I have been taking this for almost 3 yrs. for hot flashes. I took hormones for a yr. after my hysterectomy then took nothing for 2 or 3 yrs, due to they went away except for 1 every now and then. When they came back and it became an every day occurence 3 to 7 or more per day, my dr put me on 100mg 3xdaily to start with, it helped a little. Then he upped it to 300mg 3xdaily, that did'nt help any more than the 100mg. He then upped it to 600mg 3xdaily and have been on this dosage since the third month of being put on this med. I cannot be without them or my hot flashes immediately come back! I have had no side effects of any kind since starting this med. I recommend this for any one who has hot flashes! It works and has no hormones!Read More Read Less
659: I'm type two (Manic Depressive) Bi-polar and let me tell you, this is my miracle drug. For the past three years I've had pain, mood swings, Anxiety, and severe depression. I rarely left the house and went from 154 pounds to 240. It gives me constant energy and I'm loosing the weight again. Feels like a natural balance is in-stored in me. I take 600mg 3x a day. Giggity :)
660: This medication has helped manage pain from a torn meniscus.
661: Great for pain but made me feel like I was high and made me very drowsy.
662: I've been taking for a day and found it totally ineffective without the addition of Requip for restless legs.
663: Chronic back pain due athritis around  facet joints  and disc degeneration!
664: Med,relaxes me and I'm pain free.
665: HAVE NOT TAKEING LONG ENOUGH TO NOTICE ANYTHING EITHER WAY.KINDA SCARED TO START IT.
666: I was prescribed this medicine for Bi-polar disorder/ severe depressive tendancies. It has helped me improve my daily outlook and mood. Also, it has kept me from sliding into a severe mental depression caused from bi-polar disorder.
667: I have been on Gabapentin for over 10 years. I am Diabetic and last year, I broke my back. I have been having severe issues with my feet. At times, I don't feel them at all, even with pain stimuli. They always feel cold which is brutal for sleeping! I am on 400 mg 3x a day. I honestly don't think it's working for me at all!
668: Prescribed Gabapentin for whole body restless leg syndrome. This first night I took it 85% of my spasms m, tingling and burning went away. I was desperate for help and so uncomfortable I was sleeping 1 hour a night and pacing. This treatment gave me instant relief. I cried I was so happy. My whole body was shaking and I had spasms everywhere. A Miracle for sure. I started at 300mg at night. I tried taking it during the day but it made me super tired I couldnâ??t. I went up to 400 at night as I had some burning and spasming in one foot still. I just tried to go up to 600mg but it was too much for me as it makes me feel like a heavy night of drinking. Iâ??ll ask the doctor to go to 500mg and work my way up extremely slow.  I feel great though!!!! So happy it helped
669: sluggish and fuzzy headed
670: I am taking this medication for nerve damage. It does its job, but it makes me very sleepy. I would rather deal with the pain than be sleepy all of the time.
671: My doctor prescribed this for fibromyalgia pain.  I am taking 1 tab (300 mg) 3 times per day.  I am finding it ineffective for this.
672: Suffer from neck pain for 8yrs-used this for 5 wks & have been able to cut pain meds by half!  A miricle drug.
673: Was originally prescribed this drug for control of seizures thought to be caused by peripheral neuropathy. It helped some, however that neurologist had misdiagnosed me. What I have is migraine w/aura. Gabapentin doesn't seem to help with my essential tremors either. They have worsened over the past 2 years.
674: I have been taking this since April with no relief I have also had an si joint injection and an epidural that was the worst mistake I ever made
675: does nothing!
676: This drug has made me VERY tired- i could sleep all day. Memory loss is bad. I feel like i am in a bubble, staring off into the distance for no reason. Cant concentrate,and no desire to do anything. I am going to try to take them just at night to see what happens. It has done one good thing- it has allowed me to get off steroids after 5 yrs.
677: I am on 300mg capsules three times a day at first the side effect was you had taken the meds fell asleep awaken just to have no clue as to where I was or what day it was that was the only problem the Dr. has increased the times a day I have to take them they work perfect for I am a double amputee and my nerves in my stumps are painful it helps a lot with the pain.  I am very satisfied with the results of this medication.
678: I am taking this medication Transverse Myelitis, brought on by Lupus.  I gain 10 lbs and want to eat constantly.  I suffer from muscle spasms and body tremors. this medicine dulls the pain and frequency of the spasms.  However, it gives me headaches, blurred vision and mood swings.
679: Dizziness severe unsteadiness and strong memory loss noticeable after the second day of reaching my full dose.  Helped eliminate headaches and other symptoms from a brain tumor but side effects can be very unerving
680: I have had night sweats for almost 5 years now which for me meant no sleep I went to work tired and would come home tired now that I have been using this drug for 5 days I sleep every night and wake up rested and also have more energy during the course of my day I feel like a new women:)
681: Suffer with neuropathy but this pill doesn't really help that much
682: Serious mind altering side effects. I had to discontinue use after this first week.
683: fast thumping sound in ear
684: I take Gabapentin for Generalized Anxiety Disorder and it has changed how I function. I have MANY medical problems, and as I got sicker, my anxiety got worse, so much that I was taking Ativan EVERY night. Yes, the ativan worked, but it calmed me down, and then it put me to sleep. I take 900mg three times per day. The dose started off very small, and it was increased until the anxiety was not part of every night. I did not think that it would work because I had tried it before for severe migraines and also at a separate time, tried it for nerve pain. I have to be honest and say that I only tried it because the doctor asked me to, but I did NOT think it would help at all. I WAS VERY, VERY WRONG!!! Many of my physicians had never heard of it for extreme anxiety, so I tell every doctor or person with anxiety / panic issues about the success I have had with it.  I would like everyone to feel as good as I do and it is my hope that people who read this will give it a try (starting at small doses and growing, with a doctors help, of course). Good luck, signed Dallasemmitt.Read More Read Less
685: I began taking this med about 6 months ago to aid in lessening pain in my legs due to stenosis and other lower back damaged disc  issues including the feeling of being stuck with needles and electric shock, surgery 2X helped but pain returned. No adverse side effects have been experienced. 300mg x 3/day
686: I have been on the med for only a couple weeks and I have found no relief so far. I will continue to take it and take with doc on next visit to see if they will either up the dose or try something else.  I have Fibro, Osteoarthritis, pinch nerve in lower back and upper neck area. And also Carpal Tunnel. I am also on tiZANidina (1/2 before bed).
687: no relief, been taking for 4 mo. still having seizures, going to try arthritus pills,
688: had a knee operation in March 2008, came out find, walking very good, but had pains within my leg when laying down mostly to sleep, it was in different parts of legs at differnt times, used ice pack, still didn't help, than doctor game me the gabapentin and since than which has been 2 days, can sleep, and no pain.  It might be there, but it doesn't feel like it.
689: DR  PERSCB.  DON'T  KNOW  WHY  TOO COSTLY  NO RESULTS
690: it was a wonder drug for me. I had nerve pain in my back and down my leg and into my food after spine surgery.  this drug has almost helped my pain disappear.
691: Been on this med for a couple years and only noticed little help at the beginning of treatment. Now I am suffering from severe lypmh node swelling and nobody can figure out what's wrong.
692: Been taking this for about 2 months.  It did help (mostly) with the pain, but gained 20 pounds in those 2 months! I'm weaning myself off of it and am feeling dizzy, tired, sleepy.
693: I have been on this drug for 2 years for neuropathy due to chemotherapy.  It makes me so tired all the time.  Doesn't seem to be helping pain, tingling, or burning in toes and hands.  I take 1200mg a day and worried what it might be doing to my kidneys. Asking Dr. to take me off of it this week. If I see my pain increasing I won't have a choice but to stay on it but hope not.
694: My mother was just put on Gabapentin, just into the 1st week of taking this she experienced rapid talking, tremors, EXTREME change in bahavior and sleepwalking to the point where she took the oven burners off and placed them in the fridge, took pens and put them in the freezer, and just about choked eating jelly beans, had she not woke up from the choking who knows what would have happened. She didn't remember doing any of the above. She had similar side effects when taking Lyrica also. Her Neuro told her to stop the Gabapentin immediately. Please read and ask your Dr about all side effects of this drug, it can very bad for some people.  Read More Read Less
695: Very satisfied with this drug.  Has given relief to be able to sleep at night.  Relieved pain in lower back and legs. Am very concerned about the weight gain!!! Also, feel memory loss!  But will keep taking because it relieves pain at night to sleep!!  May try to cut back!
696: I am not sure why this usage is not mentioned, but gabapentin is prescribed for me as an anti-anxiety drug.  The ultimate goal is to decrease my dependence on Xanax (in the "benzo" category that prescribers don't like because they are so addictive). At first it made me very drowsy, but my body adjusted. It has been extremely effective in decreasing the amount of Xanax I take.  My NP has just upped my dose, which hopefully will mean less Xanax.
697: I was prescribed this medication to treat neuropathy after shingles. I had to increase the dose for it to be effective and ended up on 2 tablets once a day for about 6 months by which time the nerve pain had reduced a lot. When I was taking it, it helped a bit and I had no side effects. When I ran out of tablets and didn't have a renewal I decided I didn't need it any more and so stopped taking it. My doctor said that this was a bad move, and I should have tapered it off rather than going cold turkey (I didn't know this) since I developed a very unpleasant effect with my sense of smell. I have a strong, indescribable, unpleasant smell in my nose that is triggered by any other smell, so I have this smell in my nose most of the day!Read More Read Less
698: Was prescribed this drug as a "mood stabilizer" to help control my anxiety.  So far, it has worked wonderfully.  I currently take 3 x 100 mg/day.  It has lowered my anxiety level such that I have been able to reduce my Xanax dosage from 4 x 1mg/day to 2 or 3 x 1 mg/day.  It seems to have taken the "edge" off of my anxiety.  I feel like a new person since starting on gabapentin!
699: I have pain all over my body. I suspect it is late stage lyme disease but my Doc refuses to test for it.  They've had me on Lyrica, Elavil, Cymbalta, Celebrex and now this along with tylenol #4.  It simply doesn't work.  I'm still in horrible pain.  I hate to say it, but I would welcome death at this point. Desperately need a new physician!
700: Took 600 mg after surgery and it made me so dizzy I could not get up to go the restroom. Vomited twice and did not feel better until having slept all night.
701: ve&tiredry dizzy,unbalanced for 24 hours
702: Weight Gain- Sleep too much   Cannot deal with either with diabetes and a 92 yr old mother with alzheimer in my care
703: This drug was given to me for cancer pain. If it does any good, I cannot tell.
704: i have high blood pressure and when i take this med at nite in the morning blood pressure is high. is it the med gabapentin
705: It really works for me, I also wear a nerve stimulator
706: I had 2 back surgeries on my L4-5 Discs and have had excruciating nerve pain since. My primary Dr. had given me so much narcotic pain meds the amount I was on as of July was pretty insane. My new pain dr. gave me this at first I had some fatigue after a couple weeks it went away. My pain is also completely gone. I no longer need narcotic pain meds at all!!! Im curious if anyone notices their skin appear to be more oily since taking this medication? Mine has, but Im not sure if it's because I stopped taking a strong narcotic pain med or I started this as a new med. I take 600mg before bed it's perfect dose for me! It also helps me to sleep through the night comfortably.Read More Read Less
707: I have not had a seizure since I began to take Gabapentin several months ago. It has made my life much more bearable.
708: Pain related to Cronic migraines and nerve damange in neck between C2-C3 and C3-C4. I have had nerve blocks and ablations done many times.  My doctor has me on this med 3x daily w/oxycodone.  I sometimes have a slight lost of concentration, but the trade off is worth it to me, in the long run.
709: Negative reactions include slight swolling of the tongue, but the relief of itching under the foot related to nerve pain..is worth the negative reaction.  Just use in moderation on a daily basis
710: I've been on this drug for 6 days to treat nerve pain in my feet that started 4 months ago. Not much relief at 100 mg 3x's a day, I was told by doc that once the drug builds up in my system it would work better, we'll see.  I have had some side effects such as...weak muscles, more foot pain than before, vivid dreams, dizziness and tiredness.My memory has already been impaired by thyroid-ism, so I haven't noticed a reduction in that...yet.   I will be able to handle the current side effects as long as I can get rid of the feeling that I'm walking on rocks.Read More Read Less
711: I have a burning sensation along with clamy sweating through out my body. I take 600mg 4xday. It helps somewhat with the burning and sweating, but I deal with memory loss, weight gain, ballance issues, cannot stay focus and stay so tired all of the time. If I try to cut the mg down, my burning and sweating gets worse. But I hate what this medication does to my life. I wish there was something else to take without these side effects.
712: Caused me to feel dizzy, disoriented, and unable to concentrate.  Did not help at all with pain.
713: I suffer from chronic back pain. I also suffer from some kind of neuropathic issue in my feet that result in a horrendous itching deep in my feet and sometimes my hands.  It does not respond to Oxycodone but Gapabentine relieves the itching within about 45 minutes.  This is not a minor inconvenience it is an itch that really drives me crazy.  It is amazing that I am going crazy and take the medication and 45 minutes later I have total relief.
714: I was recently given this drug following months of 2400 mg Motrin daily, TENS, and PT that did little to relieve pain stemming from L5 - S1 back injury and subsequent surgery. I was concerned that the Motrin would cause me more harm than benefit and switched doctors in search of other solutions. Other medications had done little to relieve pain. The pain was an issue at night as it affected my ability to sleep. I have had none of the side affects listed. In fact, it has helped me perk up and find a happy glow for life I haven't remembered feeling since childhood. On top of the mental boost, it has helped me to sleep, which greatly improves my outlook. However - that said, I still believe EXERCISE, DIET, and an ACTIVE lifestyle are necessary for back injury survivors. DO NOT give into pain and become sedentary or lethargic - it is a self licking ice-cream cone existence. The less you move and strengthen the core, the worse the pain becomes and the greater the dependency on medications for relief. I currently take 300 mg of Gabapentin daily. and suppliment this treatment with occassional application of a Lidoderm (Lidocaine 5%) patch. Waddle On my friends, waddle on!Read More Read Less
715: Nothing else worked.  This drug gave me my life back.
716: I have recently been told by my Dr, to increase my dosage to 1800 MG/day.  I am experiencing very dry mouth & nothing tastes like it should.
717: I have extreme pain in the tibial nerve just ahead of the tarsal tunnel. There is no indication of what's causing it, its thought its the nerve itself. Nothing worked until I was given Gabapentin. We worked up to 1000 mg. 3 times a day. Now my pain is less frequent and minor.
718: I and my husband are outdoor type folk and enjoy hiking and bicycling the rail trails.  I was prescribed 9 months ago 300mg 3x per day of Gabapentin for severe sci After weeks on this the Gabapentin was not helping. Only after two months of extreme discomfort was I given injections as an MRI showed L4 deterioration.  I am not a fan of scripts; however, I recently strained the lower back enough to cause me a scare as I sure did not want a long sciatica episode. I also had been dealing with painful shoulders and neck probably from the cycling which made sleeping uneasy for weeks.  I decided to pull out that remaining script of 300mg of Gabapentin to try one pill at about 4pm.  While I do not think for me the Gabapentin helped with severe sciatic pain, I was relieved of most shoulder, neck and lower back discomfort that allowed me to finally get a rested sleep that same evening.  I plan to take a 4pm 300mg Gabapentin only for the next few days as I am feeling much relief now though not total relief, but I can live with that and without being dependent on long term script use. I am petite at 5'3" 115lb so this one 300mg is working for me
719: I was given Gabapentin to releive pain from sciatica, a compressed nerve.  Not only did it help with the pain, I didn't have hot flashes!  A real bonus.
720: this medication makes me feel the urge to throw up, also makes me feel high.
721: I have chronic burning in one side of my mouth due to a tooth extraction 10 years ago.  I have tried everything and this drug was just a final trial.  Taking Gabapentin 600 MG 3 x daily. Helps me sleep at night, but makes me sleepy in the day too. Makes me feel foggy and detached from the daily life.  Burning still with me, and I do not want to sleep my life away. Eyes feel heavy and harder to focus.  In fact it is harder to stay detailed on anything. If the burning was gone I might tolerate the drug, but so far I'm once again disappointed.  Lyrica did not work either. I'm happy it works for some folks.  I can't imagine increasing my dosage as the Dr. said to to if the burning did not go again.  Might as well stay in bed all day. Noticed I want to eat all the time.  Bad sign.Read More Read Less
722: Have scarring of nerves at L4-S1 site of fusion surgery 2 yrs ago. This was working ok but now at 600mg/day not as effective. Also, back is now sore and more spasms at surgery site&above. Going for injections now!Does cause me to be a little slower at everything.
723: I was given this drug by my doctor. He gave it to me to help with insomnia and my horrible migraines and also my anxiety. It is amazing, considering i have had migraines for four years this is the best pill yet. I do have a few break through ones but that will be fixed with my next appointment     - Kim, 19
724: I causes me to be dizzy, I take it only at night but will start taking twice a day soon.  Then on to 3 times a day.
725: I have multiple conditions - Rheumatoid Arthritis and insomnia because I am mildly bi-polar  This is a great drug for me - I take 900 mgs. at an hour before bedtime - it takes the edge off the R.A. joint pain, and helps me relax. I also sometimes take 100 mg during the day for anxiety. It does make me a little woozy and dizzy - so I only take it when I am at home, in my pajamas, and ready to unwind. This has been a great solution for me.
726: I believe it helps some. thru out the day.  I have fibermaylgia and some days it doesn't work at all. taking it at the same time and keeping up with the steady dose does seem to work but not as effective as I would like.
727: i feel great thank you
728: This is the first drug I've used for nerve damage in my lower legs probably caused by mixing alcohol with Gout medication. It stops the tingling sensation that I've had in both legs for years This sensation nearly drives me crazy. Thanks to my doctor for prescribing this for me. 300mg twice daily.
729: I take it for anxiety/panic attacks
730: I have been taking Gabapentin for over 5 years due to nerve pain. I have tried doses from 400 mg. per day to 2400 mg. per day. I settled on 1200 mg. per day to keep the pain at a reasonable level. No side effects.
731: Due to a botched ankle tendon surgery, my sural nerve was severely damaged and I have been in contant pain for over two years. Gabapentin has been a blessing, allowing me enough reflief to drop all prescription pain mades (using Tylenol or Aleve only), and to sleep 4 to 6 hours without interruption on many evenings. I have had no side effects 99% of the time; dizziness only twice. Inexpensive and effective, until I can find a neurosurgeon who will remove the (sensory) nerve entirely. I could not have returned to work without it.Read More Read Less
732: I was having terrible pain in the bottom of my feet because of having Diabetes. What it caused was neuropathy and it felt like walking on marbles. On the pain schedule it was a 9 and I could barely get to the bathroom.  The V.A. put me on this and it only took 2 pills and I could tell it was going to work! In 2 days  I could walk again without the marble problem. I actually helped the tingling sensation that we have in our feet!
733: I had a herniated disc in my neck and it caused severe nerve pain down my arm. This MED helped the pain but caused me anxiety, dry mouth and I felt uneasy all the time. Also I had a few chest pains too. I took it for about one week. I slept great with no pain but the side effects were too much so I stopped taking it all together.
734: I am a cook very hard to remember to take my arm out of the oven.  Terrible weight gain.But the pain is lessened when I can remember when to take it.
735: I have several damaged discs and am in constant pain. I don't take any narcotics - that's such a slippery slope for someone with lifelong chronic pain. I have tried EVERYTHING and the gabapentin seems to be the only thing that eases my pain. I have to take 1200 mg several times a day, but it's working, for now...
736: I've been having a pain on the back of my right leg, very painfull. This is my 2nd day on it and the pain is gone.  But I do get weird, I had a burning sensation and it got really bad. The MD still has no clue what it could be, I had arteritis very young(birth) pain has been going on for about a year. Any reply is good to know info. for me, Thanks.
737: i had a stroke 20 yrs ago and i take it for prephrial neuropathy.. it helps but i notice if i take it more than 300mg twice a day, i gain weight
738: I take 600mg 3 times a day to help my chronic headachs. Sofar it seems to make my headachs wourse. Also they are to help my sleep, but they don't. I have seen no help from this drug at all. the side effects from this drug I do not like. Weight gain, agitation, sort fuse and over all I have a hard time dealing with people on bad day's.
739: balance problem, vertigo
740: It   was added to my medicines  and combat my multiple myloma
741: had severe pain in leg from surgery years ago with nerve damage i would like to know is swelling of leg isa side affect
742: Started taking gabapentin about a month ago. started at 300 mg a day for 2 weeks, then went up to 600mg a day for less than a week and started having different pain and more than before. I was prescribed this for left side pain of my arm,buttock and leg. After taking 600 mg daily my left arm pain got much better but the other pain was still there and was different type of pain in my left calf. doctor asked me to try 400 mg a day instead to see if there was any change.Not sure if it is helping that much or not.Read More Read Less
743: I want to know effects of using gabapentin long term please send info.
744: I have seizures along with a host of other TBI stuff. I was lost before taking this. I am down to 3600mg a day. It does "fill in the blanks" like my Neurologist said.  I also take 3000mg of Depakote.  This is way better than Tegretol.
745: Memory loss, concentration, Blurred vision, Muscle and joint pai, espically in legs and back.Tired and no energy. Still have some Seziure side effects but no Seziures.
746: SCIATICA sufferers please mention this drug to your Doc. Had it for 15 years mild to nasty,nothing seems to help much,regular pain killers tear your guts apart. Recently reinjured myself,tore my back to shreds (tying my shoe of all things),Damaged another disk and the nerve beside it.Sciatica went through the roof,was ready to cut my leg off.Doc first gave me samples of Lyrica 75mg 1 a day. WOW the pain drop was amazing in just a couple days,switched to Gabapentin 300mg x2 a day a week ago,same drug just older version 1/3 the price (Canada) (check your drug plan) Am now at times experiencing NO pain with some jabbing and stabbing depending on how I move (usually sitting down) not too bad though. Very impressive. Be aware,side effects can be a little rough,encountered most listed for the first couple weeks,majority have eased up,but a few are sticking around makes me a bit tired,some weakedness,can put you a bit "out there" at times, hoping they get better in the coming weeks because i do not want to go back to that pain. Worth checking out before you cut that leg off.Read More Read Less
747: When I first was perscribed this medication it was almost like all of the pain was gone in my neck.  I almost cried that day, I could not believe it.  Since then we have to continue to raise the dose.  The dreams are not only Vivid but since taking the drug I have started Sleep walking and talking again.  (Have not done this since was a child)  I will walk around my house Fall down hurt myself the whole 9 yards.  Plus I also had to keep increasing my Pain meds and I also just read that taking Neurotin (Gabapentin) with hydrocodone or morphine cancels them out.  Wonderful news (NOT!)  Looks like I need to talk to my doctor and get off this stuff ASAPRead More Read Less
748: I was giveing this for pain in my feet.It did not work at first so my Dr upped my dose it still did not work all it did was make me sleep so hard I bearly woke up to go to the restroom so I took myself off it since it was not helping me with the pain not even a little.I had to have my foot operated on and now I have no pain at all.It also made me forget things and being a mother with 2 young ones still at home that just wont work.If you are takeing this for foot pain go see a foot Dr the shots will help and if they don't get the surgery where they take out a section of ligament it works wonders and you will only be down a few weeks.I was back up and walking normal in 4 weeks back to doing everything I did before I had any sign of pain in my feet.Read More Read Less
749: Take this med for the nerve pain so I can sleep at night, works sometimes and others I wind up walking the floors due to the horrible pain. When it does work its a total relief to get a good nights sleep.
750: I was initially prescribed 100MG 3xday then for some reason my PCP upped it 300MG for a pinched nerve. I can not take this during the day or I get very â??loopyâ?. This medication Makes me extremely drowsy so much so if I take it past 3am I can sleep until lunch time which is not good. Also Iâ??ve started noticing my mood has gotten worse. I associated it to COVID and life being like Ground Hog day everyday but now that I have read the reviews and side effects I see this can be mind altering. My vision had gotten worse and I def had a hard time remember certain things. I quit cold turkey 2 days ago and donâ??t plan on taking it unless I have extreme pain. Also I have gained about 7lbs - hopefully I will be back to normal soon. So far coming off of it I notice Iâ??m a little dizzy and feel a little â??offâ?
751: this med was prescribed for my dog 2 years ago.  Everytime I had it refilled at Target they would tell me that to keep costs down they were using a different manufacturer.  This last time I had it filled it was from Camber Pharmaceuticals.  My dog has been vomiting ever since I started him on this new prescription. Target says it is exactly the same ingredients.  How could that be?
752: I lost my leg in a motorcycle accident about 10 months ago.  I've been taking gabapentin 1800 to 2700 mg every day since, to control phantom limb pain.  It works well, but I have noticed some visual disturbances (blurriness mostly) primarily in my left eye, since I increased the dose from 1800 to 2700 mg daily.  I think it has also caused some fluid retention and weight gain, but overall I am satisfied.
753: After taking this medication for 7 months in the amount of 3600 mg a day (4 pills 4x a day) without relief, I have now sought a 2nd opinion & surgery is next. However, my new doctor is very worried about how much of the gabapentin I am taking, why would a doctor prescribed this much, & my new doctor has explained that he now has to wean me off the medication to avoid seizures..........
754: It's not helping the headaches that are accompanying my Bell's Palsey, for which it was prescribe for.
755: I have been on this for a few years for kdisc bulging related pain.I think it is great! Would highly reccomend this. I do get occasional tingling in my legs but it doesn't last long and is not debilitating. GREAT MEDICATION!!
756: I still experence some pain and burning in feet and hands, and pain that shoots down my hands and shooting pain in my feet
757: works great for me after post partum depression with anxiety and mood swings!
758: Is anyone taking this drug for TMJ?
759: This medication greatly relieved my idiopathic feet problems-numbness, pain, coldness.  However, I noticed that my mood was considerably worse.  I quit the drug and two days later my mood improved.  Unfortunately the problems with my feet were as bad as before.  My cardiologist advised that he has heard other patients state that gabapentin noticeably worsened their moods.
760: My husbamd had a cracked and that cause major pain in his jaw and head. So the doctor gave him this medicine. He now takes it like candy and i am not sure if it even relieves the pain or just makes him forget aboutit like he states. He is slow, and seems depressd and just out of it. No short term memory at all. I am really worried. I read everyone else's comments and see alot more serious injuries. Am I alone?
761: Really lessens the pain. Awesome medication. But it numbs the senses so much I can not reach orgasm.
762: I had a very sever ear ache, but nothing could be found that was causing it. It was so bad I had to go to the hospital, they gave me the medication to treat that pain and the only time I get the pain now is when I forget to take my medication for a few days. Unknowingly I also got relief from restless leg syndrome. It has been great every since I started taking it.
763: The side effects state taht it can have mood changing effects.........that is an understatement.  altho it helped with the nerve pain, the mood and mental altering effects are NOT worth it.
764: not effective as yet for nerve pain in thigh after back surgery
765: I have taken Gabapentin for two months for back and hip pain. I have stopped the meds because it made me irritable and short tempered.  I am not this way---ever.  It also did not help with my pain issues and would knock me out every night. I would sleep 9 hours, but would wake up tired. I feel so much better now that I have stopped taking it.
766: I am taking this for sciatic nerve pain...it is somewhat effective...but I have also taken Lyrica and it is much more effective for a longer period of time. I have problems sleeping if the sciatic nerve is hurting i can't sleep and the gabapentin has not help with that as much as the lyrica.
767: inadquate control of pain
768: hands and feet tingling and numbness in hands
769: This medication has dramatically help with the control of tremors in my head ( a  no no motion) and tremors in my hand. I have had Essential Tremors for over 30 years now and had been on Propranolol, but that made me feel like I was in a fog.. I did not get that feeling with the Gabapentin. And the side effects for me, are minimal and manageable, considering how well it helps control the tremors.
770: gama nerve damage: now pain free!
771: Thought this was to treat my Fibromyalgia but don't see it on the list of applications.  Not sure it is treating it.  I am using 600mg but have started experiencing ringing in my ears after I take it and tremors in my hands.  This product seems dangerous to me all of a sudden.
772: Folowing back surgery my surgeon prescribed gabapentin to relieve slight crackling and tingling in my left foot. He prescribed 3000 mgs per day.  I have taken it for 18 months, always been healthy and an athlete. Suddenly last month (may, 2013), I had a complete shutdown of my kidneys. There were no warning signs, other than my body sytarted to retain fluid and I gained 31 pounds in 14 days.   I was rushed to hospital and admitted with stage 5 renal failure, later diagnosed aas minimal change disease.  My cholesterol level, which ahd never exceeded 181, was 553 upon my admittance.  I was in a severe condition for most of my 18 day hospital stay, including two rounds of dialysis. I am now home, on a strict diet, including eight medications and prednisone and am recovering.  Exact cause of kidney shutdown is yet undetermined, but in reading possible side effects of gabapentin I am leaning toward believing that the long-term use and amount of this drug played a major part in my kidney failure.  Would appreciate comments from anyone with thoughts on above statement.Read More Read Less
773: does not help with my pain at all
774: I take this medication for pain in my feet and legs which caused sleep problems.  After taking gabapentin my pain has been greatly reduced, however, I am experiencing dizziness, lack of coordination and fog.  But the side effects outweigh the benefits.
775: I WENT ON THIS MEDICINE FOR THE NUMBNESS IN MY LEGS AND BACK DUE TO SURGERY AND INJECTIONS IN MY BACK.  THINK THE DR. WAS COVERING SOMETHING UP.  THIS MED MADE ME GAIN WEIGHT, AND I HAVENT CHANGED MY EATING HABITS,FLOATY, EXHAUSTED, MOODY, NO SEX DRIVE AND THE NUMBNESS AND PAIN IS STILL THERE.  HAVE BEEN ON THIS FOR SEVERAL MONTHS.  AM TAKING MYSELF OFF GRADUALLY, AS DR. STRESSED THAT BE DONE THAT WAY.  WAS HOPING I HAD FINALLY FOUND MY MIRACLE WATER.
776: My doctor gave me this medication for nerve pain. It sucks doesn't seem to do anything.  of course it may work better for other conditions?
777: I take this med for nerve damage associated with lack of blood flow to my toes and foot from an arterial blockage behind my left knee.  Since it took so long for the bypass to happen, I fear it will be a lifelong pain.  Gabapentin helps to keep the nerve pain to a level that is not perfect but bearable (hah), to live with.  I also have ulnar nerve damage in my left hand and last two fingers that this med helps to keep at bay, somewhat.  I'm glad there is this med though, it does help keep the pain at a minimum
778: After a severe reaction to Lyrica, my neurologist changed my meds to Gabapentin.  Although the results are not nearly as effective as the aforementioned therapy, I suppose a little relief is better than none.   I have only one major side effect and that is weight gain.  I need some advise from others who are experiencing the same.
779: I am taking 600 mgs 3 times a day, it helps tremendouly with the nerve pain also helps me to relax and to sleep, although I feel I could increase my dosage to get the full effect of this drug, I still feel some pain and when it starts to wear off the pain really increases so it is important for me to take the drug regulary at the same time each day.  I would like to know how much of an increase of dosage of this drug I could take.  I haven't noticed any wight gain.
780: i am taking this medication for post-op pain.  I had 2 surgeries this year for mesh implantation/mesh removal due to severe infection.  I am left with debilitating pain.  After starting Gabapentin I have 75% of my life back.  I have been on 300mg 3x a day for about 3 months, pain is partially coming back.  I have been told  by my family physician that the dosage needs to be increased.  I see a specialist out of state that did my mesh removal surgery and he will probably increase the dosage.  If this doesn't help I will be sent to a pain management specialist for possible nerve blocks.  The side effects I have experienced are dizziness(which passed after about 3 weeks) It actually gives me the euphoric feeling, which I REALLY appreciate, as i was getting very depressed.  NO nausea which I get from almost all medications, which I also appreciateRead More Read Less
781: I have been on this medicine 3 yrs this July and it works.I was bitten by a Brown Recluse Spider and the result of the spider was a skin eating desease called Pyoderma Gangreosum which is terrible to have.It eats your skin down to the bone. But my DR had me taking this medicine for nerve endings in my hands,3 X dailey. It helped with the nerves yet made me go to sleep as it has for many of you. Although going through many months of pain and theropy in an Oxygen tank still going to a pain clinic and unable to work since,It did help. I just learned to take it toward the evenings or at bedtime.It will do you good.  Although while being give 3 X a day my hands went to sleep like carple tunnel. Now I take 1 300MG during the day to make my hands working right,I take 2 300MGS at bedtime.Now all I do is sleep seams like. Listen to your Dr's and try it because it will make things much better. Although I still have this desease for life,my meds do work..God Bless & Keep the faith.Read More Read Less
782: This is one of the drugs my doctor perscribed along with others for major depression.  I'm not sure why, but it seems to be helping along with the others.
783: I take 600mg 3 times a day for my anxiety (doc weaned me off xanax and put me on this. It does pretty well I guess. It is supposed to also help with my back pain. But I dont notice a difference in the pain Relief.
784: I suffer from pain in my lower section. Muscles, joins, nerves. Pain is tolerable during the day, but very bad at night. Lack of sleep is killing me. I tried all over the counter NSAIDs with zero benefit. Tylenol and aspirin are also not helping. My doctor put me on Prednisolone, also a waste of time and money. Now he wrote a prescription for this Gabapentin. I'm reading the paperwork that came with it. All I see are potential negative side effects. Worse yet, it says that this medicine may take 6 to 8 weeks to work. Seriously? What about NOW. I can't postpone my pain for later...
This so called medicine should be taken off the market ASAP
785: not satifised artery nip during a surgery, which doctor did not see vein That is during Total knee replacement causing numbness of feet toes and leg, making it a diffuult to walk and sharp psin shooting like electricity difficult to sleep at night sometimes I have involuntary quivering. Surguery done on april 13 2010
786: Lyrica makes me gain water weight. the gabapentin doesn't do it as bad.  it sops the nerve pain in my legs due to lupus.
787: taking twice a day. Helped to relieve my sciatica alot for two weeks, but it seems that my pain is slowly returning. either from me building a tolerance to it. Or I'm getting worse.  and I would found out real quick if i forgot to take when it was time to. I would get light headed from time to time. Hopefully it continue to keep the pain away.
788: this drug does seem to help with my depression and pain, however, I've gained 15# since starting this drug. Not good.
789: the treatment has not helped the back pain as the DR said that it would, It just makes me loopy
790: when i take the medicine it seems to make me cough a lot
791: I was given gabapentin for nerve pain caused by a tumor removal. I was on this drug for apx. 9 months taking 1800 mg. a day when I began having slurred speech, staggered when I walked, and couldn't drive and was almost incoherent at times.  A new doctor said I had been over medicated and on the drug too long and, by this time, it was becoming ineffective.  I was taken off of gabapentin and put on 300 mg of Lyrica and am doing better but still has some pain.
792: using for pain in upper and lower jaws and    teeth....helps s o m e ????????
793: For nerve pain after shingles
794: I had weight gain and im still in pain
795: I have ramped up slowly from 300 mg to 800 mg/day, for treatment of my chronic daily headaches which stem from a CSF leak 18 months ago. At 800 mg I am experiencing primarily gastric distress and fatigue. There is a great difference in the severity of the headaches from 300 to 800 mg, so I will tolerate the break-thru pain to avoid the irritable bowel symptoms.
796: I've got Peripheral Neuropathy. Gabapentin worked for awhile, but I keep having to up the dose. I had to adjust the dose myself... without doc approval. I am taking 600 mg every five hours. This makes the pins and needles tolerable, but doesn't make them go away. I can't take any more without getting migraines. I have an appt with the Endo in a couple of weeks. I'm going to beg for Lyrica and/or Cymbalta!
797: I have been using  this drug for appx. 7 months now and have had a little relief, but not much.  I am taking for nerve pain due to Atypical Facial Pain.  It certainly isnt the answer for me.
798: I am taking 900mg 2-3 times a day and although it has helped the aftermath of my shingles pain, I feel "drugged", listless and have constant minor headaches all the time.
799: can medication cause
800: 900mg 3x,just one day,pain in back subsided but I need to lose 80lb for a needed surgery, don't think this is for me
801: good
802: I have been taking this for the pain caused by shingles in my eye. It as been like throwing gasoline on a raging fire. It does not calm the pain, I am curently taking Lyricka an there is no difference.
803: Was prescribed this medication by VA for neuropathic pain in my hands and feet due to type 2 diabetes.  I had mild success at first but had to continue to increase the dosage as its effectiveness waned.  Finally at 10 300 mgs pills per day I was sleepy and navigating in a fog and complained to Doctor that I was becoming more like a zombie.  I was weaned off the pill after several months.  Worked for a while but eventually became ineffective.  Increased dosage would have been very dangerous due to mental fog.Read More Read Less
804: It did not work at all.   After a week I stopped using it.    I used Ibuprofin instead.  That worked great.
805: I am a type 2 diabetic this medication has changed my life. Some pian but not like befor, back to being happy and free.
806: Perscribed for shingles. Worked very well.
807: i was prescribed this med. after a fall and torn rotator cuff with nerve damage in my neck. mentaly fuzzy. cannot complete a sentance wiyhout much concentration. depression. did the initial titration to 900 mg a day. started medication in september and stopped after rotator cuff surgery. to many drugs on board and no unbearable withdrawl symtoms after stopping c. t.
808: The involuntary movements have stopped, but  I have gained 10 lbs. in the 1 month that I hve been taking this and have just began to have the sensation in am of having thick gloves on and slight numbness in both hands.
809: Having too many side effects...swelling, pain, loss of memory, and many more.  Doesn't help the pain at all.  Stopping it immediately!
810: I began taking this to ease tingling in my legs and feet following spinal cord surgery in 6/2009. I took 600mg/3 X day for about 6 months, then tapered back to 600 at bedtime because, yes, it makes you really sleepy during the day. I can tolerate the tingling during the day. I now take 800mg at bedtime only and I am sleeping 6-8 hours without getting out of bed for the first time in years! I have no other side effects and am very happy with this drug.
811: Lumbar radiculopathy result of previous surgeries.  Have had terrible nerve pain, burning and stinging from SI joint down right leg into to foot for several years. Very disabling pain.  Have been on gabapentin for only one month but right now I feel as though I am "walking on air" and I feel so, so good. I take 600 mg daily.  I have tried several other drugs for nerve pain and so far I am having success. As far as side effects, some dizziness not sure about weight gain as I was on nortriptyline and gained weight from that.  I have begun walking again for excercize so I am hoping to drop the 10 lbs. I have gained from that drug.  I have noticed that I do not feel bloated on gabapentin. I feel quite comfortable.  It has been 2 full years since I have had any relief.  I am thankful the Doctor put me on this drug.  I rely on these reviews to help me make a decision.  I hope this helps other people.  Read More Read Less
812: I was prescribed this medication in order to control my frequent migraines. The drug worked for about two weeks perfectly, then it went downhill from there. I experienced drowsiness, blurred vision, and loss of coordination, and the drug was no longer effective in preventing my migraines and only left me with side effects.
813: It releaves just enough pain to get through the day barely,If   I don't move around.
814: This medication greatly reduces my nerve pain in my legs and feet from diabetic neuropathy. I was first prescribed for neuropathy of my arms and hands due to arthritic blockage in my neck before surgery took care of that. The medication keeps the pain away from both major problems.
815: Sure, its easy to take, but SO not worth it!   Gabapentin Side Effects by Likelihood and Severity   COMMON side effects  If experienced, these tend to have a Severe expression  •Involuntary Eye Movement  •Uncoordinated  If experienced, these tend to have a Less Severe expression  •Dizzy  •Drowsiness  •Fluid Retention In The Legs, Feet, Arms Or Hands  •Inducing Of A Relaxed Easy State  •Low Energy  INFREQUENT side effects  If experienced, these tend to have a Severe expression  •Altered Mental Status  •Depression  •Feeling Anger Toward Something  •Loss Of Memory  •Mood Changes  •Trouble Breathing  If experienced, these tend to have a Less Severe expression  •Backache  •Bacterial Infection Of Middle Ear  •Blurred Vision  •Constipation  •Cough  •Diarrhea  •Double Vision  •Dry Mouth  •Dysarthria  •Feel Like Throwing Up  •Feeling Weak  •Hyperactive Behavior  •Infection Caused By A Virus  •Lazy Eye  •Not Feeling Well  •Shaking Extremities  •Throat Dryness  •Throat Irritation  •Throwing Up  •Weight Gain  RARE side effects  If experienced, these tend to have a Severe expression  •Abnormal Liver Function Tests  •Confused  •Decreased Lung Function  •DRESS Syndrome  •Easily Angered Or Annoyed  •Erythema Multiforme  •Giant Hives  •Having Thoughts Of Suicide  •Hypersensitivity Drug Reaction  •Increased Eosinophils In The Blood  •Life Threatening Allergic Reaction  •Low Amount Of Sodium In The Blood  •Multiple Organ Failure  •Rhabdomyolysis  •Stevens-Johnson Syndrome  •Swollen Lymph Nodes  •Yellowing Of Skin Or Eyes From Liver Problems  If experienced, these tend to have a Less Severe expression  •Agitation  •Altered Interest In Having Sexual Intercourse  •Cannot Focus Thoughts  •Chronic Trouble Sleeping  •Enlarged Breasts  •Excessive Sweating  •Feeling Anxious  •Fever  •Head Pain  •High Blood Sugar  •Inability To Have An Erection  •Increased Creatine Kinase Level  •Indigestion  •Inflammation Of The Nose  •Loss Of Appetite  •Pain  •Pink Eye  •Problem Behavior  •Rash    NOT WORTH IT!!!  Drs had me on 3 pills 2-3x/day.  I am weening myself off of it completely  Read More Read Less
816: I have extreme shoulder pain spurs and arthritis.it seems to help deaden the burning pain I feel.
817: This medication has helped me very much.
818: I have several medical conditions which cause Neuropathic pain along with other chronic pain issues, therefore this medication with other pain medication does cause a drowsy effect. However the relief from the burning, stabbing, shooting pain outweighs the side effect most of the time.
819: 2.5yrs post breast cancer (Estrogen +) surgery & radiation. Mega hot flashes, almost a disability. Increased dosage over time. Also take Clonodine in conjunction. Feels like my body vibrating, fall asleep any sitting quiet time. Feel foggy, but anything is better than my nuclear flashes I guess.
820: I have diabetic neuropathy in my hands and feet. My feet only hurt occasionally as they are mostly numb. However my hands felt as if I were squeezing a flaming cactus. I was prescribed Gabapentin 300mg three times daily. The first day I was allowed one pill. The relief was immediate and about 85% effective. By thre third day I was at full dosage and the relief was at 95%. I suffer no side effects and am much more comfortable.
821: good but side effets
822: I take this drug at night to prevent tremors the next day.  I have not been regular on taking this medication as I was unaware that you couldn't just stop taking it.
823: I started taking this a month ago to help my restless legs and nerve damage to my spine. I also have Sciatic nerve pain which is so severe at times it feels like my whole leg and foot is on fire. My doctor told me to take 200 mg of the Gabapentin at bedtime  to start off just to see how this drug works for me. The first night I took it I felt so much better and got a good nights sleep. My legs stayed still and didn't jerk and also the nerve pain was gone. I am now taking 300mg of this med. I take the 200mg at night and 100mg during the day and it works wonderful. I take low doses of this medicine during the day because during the day I have to walk on a walker due to my legs being weak due to my spinal condition. This medicine does makes me very dizzy and off balance but the medicine works so great I deal with the side affects.. Anyways, if your looking for a miracle drug this is it. Im getting a full nights sleep and during the day I have less pain. My doctor is pleased that the total dose of 300mg a day is working so well for me. Im just thankful that im  getting some sleep
824: shaken  and all over uneasiness
825: my left lag is week so is my arm,I'am shakey. If I sleep with my fan on i find that i can't move tell my body worm's up
826: This medication really did not help noticeably for the neuropathic pain, even with fairly large doses. It's interesting because I have recently started the very closely related Lyrica and am having much better results at lower doses.
827: Prescribed to treat phantom shingles pain.... pain level went from a 9 down to a 2 within 3 days, no extreme side effects.
Very happy to have been out on this, my shingles were extreme and the following phantom shingles is terrible.
Glad I have some relief after 10 weeks.
828: heavy hair loss
829: I was diagnosed with peripheral neur0pathy. started taking low dose at first has been increased to 1800 mg a day. Cant tell much improvement, makes me drowsy and not wanting to do anything at all.Neuropathy was caused by Lymes Disease
830: Gabapentin 300mg at night, was prescribed for my hot flashes and sleep-pattern issues.  I have been very satisfied with the overall effectiveness of this drug. I am sleeping through the night every night, and it has helped with night-sweats & heat tolerance as well.  I would recommend it for someone with the same issues I had.
831: Used for headaches in neck;  Have degerative arthritis in the top 5 dics in my neck and presses on the occipatal nerve.
832: Tried Gabapentin for several months after my foot drop/neuropathy.  Increased the dosage and still  nothing.  .  My Neurologist put me on Lyrica!  MIRACLE DRUG for sure. Only side effect was weight gain!  Can deal with 10 extra pounds since I was below 100 lbs.  I am now on 150 mg three times a day..
833: I was placed on this medicine at a rehab center. I am a recovering drug addict. I’ve been on the medication for seven years now. I was originally prescribed gabapentin 600 mgs 3 times a day. For anxiety. Long story short I’m having to get off gabapentin, but the withdrawals are so bad that I’m gonna have to go into a medical detox just to get off gabapentin.
834: Replacement manufacturer by Express Scripts. May as well take Tylenol. Totally ineffective.
835: Feel like I'm floating? Hope feeling  well go away after time!
836: Slow - does not seem to be working for me
837: I originally start taking this medication for my shigles nerve pain. I was also getting 3-4 epidural steriod injections a year for my sciatica nerve pain. I asked my Dr if this medication could help with my shingles nerve pain, could it also help with my sciatic nerve pain? He increased my dose and my sciatic nerve pain has gone away totaly and I no longer get shingles. The only downfall I have is the weight gain. it the past year I have put on 45 LBS. I am now trying to get the weight off by exercising and watching what I eat. Hopefully I will be able to get the weight back off. Since I was crippling with pain I would give it ten stars if I could. My satisfaction would be higher if I had no weight gain
838: I've got a bulging disk in my lower back. The pain has been nearly unbearable at times. Oral steroids helped when it got worse. Tried them again, but they had no effect. I have a pinched nerve and pain from my left buttock to the middle of my foot and nothing seems to help. I got my first epidural steroid injection in June and another one 3 weeks later. I have been nearly pain-free for the past 2 months, but the pain is now back. Dr. gave me a prescription for this but I waited a month before trying it, so I could read up on it. Decided to try it this evening and wish I hadn't. I got really dizzy within 5 minutes, was worried I would fall, and started feeling hot and sick to my stomach. I won't take another one
839: I have had Willis-Ekbom Disorder all of my life and it has been, literally, torture; also periodic leg movements. I was "lucky" to get three hours of sleep. This drug eliminated the Willis-Ekbom (Restless legs) symptoms completely, and moderated the PLMs. This drug is a technological miracle.
840: I have diabetic neuropathy in my feet and restless leg syndrome.It has relieved the pain of burning,rawness,tingling,pins and needles in my feet and legs. I can sleep in peace now thankfully.  No side affects. I highly recommend it.
841: My doctor told me I could be a little sleepy in the morning. It took until 2PM to get out of this horrible feeling. I threw the rest of my pills away!
842: I take this for Lyme.  I would not be able to function without it!  I would be curled up in a ball in my closet, FOR REAL!  I was a truck driver and HAD to take it BUT it is illegal because it is a seizure drug.  They really should question WHAT it is used for.  It was tough in the beginning.  I had to take them with Skelaxin and schedule and hour and a half nap EVERY time I took them.  AND I had to write on a piece of paper what time and what pills I took because I couldn't remember.  Stil can't.  If I forget, then I just don't take them.  Guess I'll get a three way med tray.  Gabapentin is my miracle.  Unfortunately I have to have THC in order to be completely PAIN FREE.  I allow myself two hours in the evening to do this so I can stretch and do yoga and meditate and feel FREE.  Free of pain and stress and limitations and feeling 80 years old when I'm only 41.  Google airllusion to find me and read about my Lyme Disease story.  It is published in PJ Langhoff's "It's All In Your Head".  Please feel free to e-mail me!  About Lyme, Neurontin, Gabapentin and your experiences.  Peace~Read More Read Less
843: After the second day the pain in my feet went away.  Love this stuff!!!
844: Babapentin has not helped me as the pain in my feet/calves has not subsided in any way on the drug.
845: I've only been taking this for three days,300mg 3Ã? a day it's like a miracle in a bottle I blew out my c6-7 disc into my spinal cord im waiting on approval for artificial disc,wasin severe pain on dilated (morphenes big bro) eating them like candy unfortunately. Truly only took 2 pain pills yesterday just to taper off, this really works does make you a little sleepy but pain is 85%gone like I said it's truly a blessing, Best of luck to you all
846: I've been taking Gabapentin for depression.  I accidentally overdosed one day, and found myself much more functional.  Dizzy and stumbling around a bit - but WAY better.  Good medication.  I was prescribed 2 tablets 2 times a day (600 mg).  But I take much, much more to get the effect I need to function.  I take as much as 5,400 mg.
847: I am a patient with 5 herniated discs, migraine headaches due to barometictric pressure, and chronic insommnia,trichotelomania. Was sent to a new doc. a physciatrist. He took me off my immovane ( a sleeping pill) and now am sick cannot sleep for now 20 on passing out 2 hours at a time. I have no doctor as he passed away and have to rely of after hours care. Headaches not migraines constant diarehhea. Not a good pill for me.
848: Burning Stinging in feet and hands . Taken 2 hours B 4 symptoms occur , it helps keep them to numb/heavy feeling .This is at 300mg oral pill .Now considering going higher as the pain is more frequent . Taking every 6 hours .
849: i just quit smokeing 5 weeks ago.i,m still on other drugs.high blood pressure,nexium,and chanex 1% well i find it works well even if i take just one pill aday.last night was my first night to take the gabapentin 100 1/3 pills a day.as always know drugs our the best route to take.they do make me sickly.my head felt like it was inflateing.
850: I just worry about whether it is habit-forming. I have been told it is not but I take 800 msg three times a day & have for over 5 years.  A couple of days ago, I missed a dose at night.  By the next morning I was either freezing or hot.  I had chills so bad I felt like I could not stand or walk straight. I called in sick to work for the first time in 3 years.  I have missed a dose before & felt bad but not quite like this.  Maybe I have been on the drug too long. It calms my nerve pains & twitches down very well but want to find out if this was my problem or there was something elso going on.Read More Read Less
851: I have my life back.
852: when I turned 49 I contracted the shingles. I got this because I have MS and was taking geleneya an oral med.This med, reduces your immune system. So the lower left side of my waist suffered nerve damage. I have been taking Gabapentin ever since at 3600 mg a day. (max dose) to deal with the pain. I have to say that I realized the pain is not going away completely, so I deal with it. With MS I have a problem with balance already so...this will do.
853: Nerve Damage in neck from car accident/whiplash.  Many injections, Nerve Blocks through out neck and even a nerve blocks on the 3rd occipital nerve.  The nerve blocks and injections work for years. Well not now!  I was finally sent to a doc that put me on this med. It works very well. I still have pain but gabapentin has been a blessing.   I sleep more at nite.  I also take trazadone at night. I am on 1200mg a day.  I will probably be taking a stronger dose soon.  So be it! It has helped me sleep with much less pain.  The side affect are a bummer.  Clumsiness, sporadic blurry vision, memory loss and probably more but I cannot remember! lolRead More Read Less
854: This medication has provided amazing results for my neuropathy!  I am able to stop taking norco due to the relief provided by the gabapentin!
855: after dr raised my dosage. i started feeling really bad. so they started me skipping a doze.
856: Have been taking Gabapentin together with LeveTIRAcetam to control my epilepsy and it works well.
857: Had all the side effects
858: Sr...with almost  classic reactions......pink  teary eyes, dry hoarse cough very swollen ankles and feet .....and hand tremors...wonder how long to get it all out of my system??  It was rxed for neuropathy...not for anything really needing this medication!!!..glad my brain still works to recognize this!
859: it has made a difference but I've had 2 different doctors prescribe it and one had me taking 4 times as much. Starting over on the dosage more slowly this time. It does work for me just want to take the least amount for the best effectiveness.
860: I am taking this medication post PRK surgery on one of my eyes.  I must say it is extremely effective.  I have had no pain at all, one and one-half days post surgery.  I have felt a bit of scratchiness from time to time and I attribute that to the "bandage contact" that was inserted over the treated area.
861: i take 1500mgx5 but i forgot to call my dr. fri. and its sun. and i only have 1 pill for today. should i be worried?
862: I have fibromyalgia, a herniated disc, history of depression and IBS. I asked my physican if I could try Lyrica but because my insurance company requires step therapy, I needed to try Gabapentin first. I am so glad I did--Took away 90% of the pain and it's a lot less expensive co-pay. Gabapentin is made by the same pharmecutical company as Lyrica.  The only side effects I had were a little dizziness at first, swelling of ankles and stomach discomfort. All the side effects went away and I feel great!Read More Read Less
863: fibromyalgia pain has eased
864: It effects my brain, can't think quickly, all tired out, feel like I should not be driving.  Don't want to do anything. Does not help pain.
865: Tired all the time. Led to huge weight gain. Always wanted to sleep after taking meds and I was only on 600 mg.
866: It gave me complete and utter fatique. I would rather have the pain.
867: advised by clinic to try these rather than hrt again which i didnt want to do have taken them for 1 full day and no sweats lets hope it continues felt awful with sweats YE NO MORE
868: For some strange reason, this drug seems to make my back pain worse.  I don't know if anyone else has experienced this.  I am going to continue to take it for another month until I see my doctor, but so far, it has not done what it is supposedt to do, or what it seems to have done for many others.
869: i  take  600mg  every  8  hrs  to  ease  pain  does  any  eles  take  this  much been  told  i  have  fibromyalgia  have  pain  all  over  have  good  days  and  bad  ones dr  said  lyrica  cost  a  lot i  dont   work  due  to  carp  tunnel i  work  for  roto  rooter  30years pills  knock  the  egde  off
870: Diabetic Neuropathy. Took 100 mg 2x a day for quite a while with no relief from GP. Neurologist increased to 200 3x a day. Legs and feet felt great for 6-8 weeks. Feet pain around big toe area on both feet (at the same time?) is almost unbearable - the burning is unbelievable; can hardly stand to wear shoes or socks, or have anything (bed sheets) touch feet. Want to buy shoes  "EE wide" and lined with "Memory foam" insoles or something.  Will seriously discuss with diabetic Dr. at upcoming appnt. Maybe it's feet/bone problems instead of neuropathy? Very frustrating and debilitating and depressing
871: I been on this medication for 2years not help me much. 100mg 3x a day. have to talk with my doctor. Something have to come better.
872: I took this and cause me to retain fluid and go into congestive heart failure.
873: i was given gabapentin in 100mg. capsules to help me sleep. i cannot take anything hardly because i have liver disease. will this medication make a difference in a good or a bad way?
874: weakness, leg swelling, dark and decreased urine
875: Have overall pain with a lot of pain in shoulder, arm, elbow, wrist and hand. Taking 1800 mg per day. It dulls the pain but does not take it away completely.
876: I could not function until I was given this medication to use. I was given morphine and tylenol 3's but for what I have they didnt work at all. I have PHN (nerve damage) which I have from having shingles. I cannot believe how this works for me. I highly reccommend it as I can now funtion normally.
877: I have been on this med for less then 2 weeks.Last night about half an hour after taking the 100ml at bedtime my neck started getting really tight and had this weird pumping feeling in it.Then I started feeling this all over in my body.Didn't want to go to sleep because I felt so bad. Not going to take any more of it.
878: I have been taking nerontin as a mood stabilizer treating my bipolar disorder.  It has worked wonders for me.
879: I just found out after 4 months of dealing with severe pain that I have 2 very herniated disks in my lower back they prescribed this for me and I have been able to walk without pain or stooping over the side effects are worth the sleep that i am now able to get!!!
880: I haven't used this medication long enough to rate the effectiveness or satisfaction. However, I am currently taking 5- 300 mg a day. Today is the first day I have not had a headache in months. But I do have severe pain in my ribs that I have had about 4 weeks. I wonder if this is due to gabapentin? Has anyone had this problem?
881: I reduced the dosage without doctor supervision and had a TIA as a result.  DO NOT CHANGE ANYTHING about your dosage without doctor's orders.
882: Still have pain and depressedand have made my sex drive worse don't like this feeling of hopelessness and feel im being over medicated but have to see doctor to see how to get off it and how long before it will be out of my system
883: I have taken 300 mg three times a day for several years.  For me personally, this medication doesn't help relieve the pain in my neck or back at all.  I want to stop taking it but my doctor wants me on it.  This medication is 100% ineffective for me.
884: I started with 300mg inncreased to 1000 mg no difference
885: I took this for several months for RLS. It did not help me at all. I gained about 10 lbs while taking this.
886: LESSENING OF NERVE PAIN .BUT NOT COMPLETE RELIEF,
887: Was prescribed 600mg at bedtime to help with Restless leg syndrome & back pain. At first I only took 300mg to make sure I was not allergic to meds, it did help me sleep but not thur the night. After 2 nights, I took the 600mg dose, no pain, slept thur the night, but woke up groggy, but by 10am I was fine. Haven't had any side effects that I can't live with. I have some constipation, but have increased fiber to offset that. It is good to finally sleep again; I have dealt with this for 25 yrs. so I am hopeful that this will keep the restless leg syndrome in check.Read More Read Less
888: I took this medication when I was 12 or 13 for managing my Complex Regional Pain Syndrome (previously known as Reflex Sympathetic Dystrophy). I experienced zero benefit from the medication and I dealt with side effects, with the most prominent being severe suicidal thoughts which I had never experienced before. This planted a seed in my head that I have never been able to fully recover from.
889: Used for Fibromyalgia. Is working great for me and is much less expensive than the Lyrica.
890: Neuropathy in feet.  Also, great for hiccups which is off label use.  After abdominal surgery, I developed hiccups every 4 seconds for 13 months.  Drove me crazy literally. I took Baclofen and gabapentin.
891: although this med has REALLY helped with my acute fibromyalsia, i do have to say i dont like it very much. i have gained 40 LBS!!!!! no matter what i do (diet & vigorous exercise) i keep gaining weight. very depressing!! i take 2400mg a day. 4 in the am,4 at night. i tend to feel sluggish, off balance & quite frankly i feel retarded most of the time. i cant focus on 1 thing for any extended time. memory loss-forget what im saying mid sentance, or forget where im going or why im going. very frustrating. NO narcotics have worked. last med was a fentynel patch-100 mcg's. nothing. gabapentin helps but wondering if there is something better out there?Read More Read Less
892: I have been taking this medication for about a year and have had no problem with it.  I recently had stents implanted in both arteries to my kidneys. I was on medication for high blood pressure before that.  Now without taking the blood pressure medicine, I am having very low pressures, in the 70 to 90's when I get up in the morning.  I take the Gabapentin at bedtime. Can that be a cause.
893: I have been prescribed this medication for fibromyalgia pain and restless leg syndrome.  The dosage instructions were to gradually increase from 100mg to 300mg daily.  Initially the RLS symptoms seemed to decrease but returned within a few days.  This medication did not decrease my pain in any way and in fact seemed to increase the pain in my back, hips, and legs along with confusion, memory loss, inability to concentrate, severe mood fluctuations including excessive crying for no apparent reason and depression.  Excessive tiredness and fatigue. I have been advised by physician to continue taking prescribed dosage as side effects should decrease over time but they have only become more severe
894: I take this medicine for depression and mild pain.I'm also bypoler and have trouble sleeping.  This drug has helped me a lot. I'm glad my Dr. put me on it.
895: My doctor put me on gabapentin 3 months ago. Gradually increasing the dose to 1 300 mg capsul 3 x's a day. I've suffered with cronic back pain for over 10 years now. Among other problems with my back, I have degenerative disc disease. The pain is excruciating also have burning,pain down both legs and spasms beyond belief.  I was so excited when he explained what this medication could do. Well, It did not work. Very, very minimual relief. My main side effects were headaches and mood swings. The headaches subsided after the 1st month.The mood swings stuck around.Read More Read Less
896: Have previously take a larger dose for seizures after stroke, but now taking a lower dose for neuropathy in feet and legs.  Seems to help some, not waking up at night with restless leg and burning in feet.
897: works great for the pain but makes me very tired. taking 300mg. 3 times daily.
898: It takes a while to build up to a level that helps with the pain (constant). Two main side effects for me - constant tiredness and inability to concentrate on more complex tasks. It does not,completely remove the pain. At 600, 3 times a day, my pain levels have decreased 50-70%. Taking it on a regular schedule is VERY important. When my schedule was thrown off, pain levels increased on that day and at least one day afterward.
899: My husband has been taking this medication for over a month now. 600mg a day for his RLS.  His vision is getting worst and he is gaining weight. I am trying to get him off of these pills. and also his pain he still wake up maybe once a week for cramps.
900: paine is less.
901: I have had Multiple Sclerosis since 1977 and I see nothing from this drug helping me at all.
902: i had surgery on L2-L3 and L3-L4 in 2009.the hardware has come apart.this has caused a lot of different pains.i am taking gabapentin 300 4x day for the nerve pains.i also take opana er20 and oxycodone 15 for the other pains. this works great for me but have to keep increasing the gabapentin every 6-8 weeks.right now i am in pain again but dr.said he didn't want to increase anymore,went on vaca til tuesday.i don't see the new neurosurgeon til 1/30 then have to wait ???? til surgery........ i am in so much pain and miserable !Read More Read Less
903: Have been on this medicine for over a week. It has helped my shoulder pain and arm pain but have been extremely tired.   Last night I was so dizzy, got cold sweats and starter vomiting after taking my medication.  I felt like I was drugged and would have fallen if my husband hadn't been here.  Will stop taking this medication.  Do not like the side effects and afraid that it will make me more disabled.  Dizzy all the time now, and not able to concentrate very well.  Would rather deal with the pain.Read More Read Less
904: Jusr started taking 2 weeks ago. in the Ramp up stages. How long does it take the body to adjust to the side effects? Dizzy and Unbalanced is huge. I can not function with the morning dose. Does anyone have an ETA on how long the body takes to adjust?
905: Well I have been takeing Gabapentin for about a year I take it for Fybromyiagia and it works really good except the weight gain and some minor swelling when I eat to much salt. i am able to drive and work. I take 400mg 3x a day.
906: Pain is so acute in my feet that 1200 mg of gabapentin does very little to relieve my pain.
907: I take it and it makes my bowels get real loose. Its does not help my pain at all
908: I did have some bowel problems. not sure if it was the meds.
909: Although I am sleeping better still tired in the am.  Issue that I had before was hot flashes nightly with sleep interuption.  So I feel after two weeks this is not helping,  Also experienced dizzy spell on stairs so this drug is dangerous.
910: back  pain --   hurts if  I  do  to  much  work -  home clean-up.
911: Some memory and concentration returning, sleep habits improved.  I have only been taking this for 6 months, previous medication (trazodone) not doing great.  Only draw back is that I stay sleepy if not active.
912: My personal experience was that I was prescribed this in late 2016 after having neurological pain/symptoms. I then was diagnosed with Multiple sclerosis in early 2017. So unfortunately I put down many of the side effects to Multiple sclerosis as there is some overlap. Over the years I experienced Brain fog, focus issues, weight gain, anxiety, outbursts of anger, and irritability. Over those years I had periods feeling I didn't breathe well at night, I stopped remembering dreams or didn't have any, I had times my hands were feeling swollen, and I had swollen lymph nodes. I had periods of chest pain and discomfort. I was even having strange symptoms of very hot/red ears (usually only one ear) and feeling very cold nose. But the worst was the mood changes and anger. As I said I put most of this all down to multiple sclerosis.

In November 2021 I decided to lower my dose after speaking to my doctor because I was starting a new job and wanted to be better focused. At this point I wasn't sure if it was Gabapentin or MS but I was desperate to be clearer headed. So I came down from 900mg to 300mg. So November I lowered my dose. I then had an absolute meltdown a week later resulting in my partner leaving the house and cutting all contact. From November to April took 1 300mg a day. I talked to my Dr and came off entirely. I then experienced tinnitus, stomach problems, anxiety, shaking, cold/sweats, headaches. All withdrawal symptoms. 

This has turned my life upside down.Read More Read Less
913: I have been using gabapentin 300mg twice a day so far for over 6 weeks to this date. I discovered via research after experiencing troubling side effects that taking non-drowsy zyrtec daily along with gabapentin causes difficulty concentrating, impaired thinking and judgement, and severe drowsiness. Unfortuantely, I have to take them both. I am taking gabapentin to treat bulging disc L-5. So far, no visible improvement.
914: This OTC drug has really helped me with my flare ups and has allowed me to get more than my normal 3 hours of sleep.  However, the dry mouth is very uncomfortable with me being a trombonist.    The biggest warning I can give is this: BE VERY CAREFUL WHEN USING CAFFEINE PRODUCTS!!  My wife bought this coffee called Versanto Force 3X caffeinated coffee.  The side effects I experience were the same as a caffeine overdose.  I couldn't breathe properly, had an irregular heart-beat, and struggled to stay on my feet due to weakness.  Be very careful with caffeine!Read More Read Less
915: This medicine has helped with the intense pain I had with fibromyalgia and the numbness in my leg.  Also the benign essential tremors have decreased.  I would recommend this medicine.
916: I have a damaged 5th Lumbar that is never going to heal. Walking, places pressure on the sciatica nerves making walking very painful. My maximum distance is about a mile. It used to be much less. I also have seizures. This drug has been  a real life changer for me. I have been taking 3 - 800mg tablets twice daily for about a decade. 800mg tablets are hard to swallow.
917: I started feeling tingling in my feet after taking this.  Now I have been on for less than two weeks, my whole left leg is numb.  Going to try to wean myself off and stick with tylenol for pain in my jaw and mouth after oral surgery.
918: My doctor had tried this medication for pain as an alternative to opiates. Within days I felt like I was in a fog and had memory issues and involuntary spasms and twitching and jerky flinching. This medication did nothing for the pain and symptoms.  I stopped taking the medication and the fog disappeared around a week or two later. The spasms and jerky movements are still here over a decade later.   I did not do well on this medication and will definitely be open to joing a lawsuit against the drug maker if I qualify and because of my negative expieriance made me think this is poison for non seizure uses. Since then I have had no negative effects with traditional pain medications and have only had issues with just a few medications over my lifetime. I have no idea why this medication made me have the issues with this drug when I normally am the one that does not have issues with medications and the ones I have had issues with have been antibiotics but not for a very long time. So it was surprising that I had issues with this drug so fast. I do not agree with remember what strength that was perscribed and but I do remember that it was 3 to 4 times a day as needed like most of my pain meds perscriptions have been
919: i have been taking this now for almost a month and it works very well.  i was suffering from numbness, tingling and pain in my feet and toes.  the side effects i am experiencing are being dizzy, sleepy and a feeling of euphoria.
920: Gabapentin has helped tremendously with Trigeminal neualgia and stenosing lumbar spine. One effect not listed is constipation.
921: I have been taking this med since 07/06/10 and as of today I feel that my seizures have been reduced. I felt very tired at first...that has been less lately. I now have some abdominal pain, but, I cannot say that it is the drug at this point. I experience shaking in my fingers at times. Overall..I think the drug is working for it's purpose and a bonus is that my knee pain has been less. I take the med 3 times a day and find it hard to get my noon dose in at times.
922: I have MS this medication has help alot for relieving muscel and nerne pain greatly.
923: I suffer acute full body pain from what my Dr. say's is Fibromyalgia. Prior to them testing for the disease I could barley get out of bed. Without the pain medications that I take for a lower back injury, such as Morphine, or oxicodone I couldn't move at all.     I woke up this morning in total bliss. I couldn't feel any pain, anywhere. Even my back didn't hurt at first, that was really unusual. I was able to stand straight up a walk to the kitchen without holding on to something. It was really bad, and I had come to believe that I might be that way the rest of my life.     My doctor told me I had one of the worst cases of Fibromyalgia that he had seen. We literly watched it develope over a 4 year span, starting shortly after my radical prostectomy in Jan 06 thru to it's dicovery in May 10.    They beleive it's was caused by both the physical trama and the psychological trama that I endured that ultimatly brought on the Disease. In other words I didn't deal with the lost of the use of my penis very well, and I went into a really dark state of depression.    Read More Read Less
924: My pain has been relieved very little, if at all. I now have heel and leg pain, which occurs about four o'clock every morning, very painful.
925: I was on Vicodin for years. Decided to stop taking and had opiate with drawls.After two days of 300mg x2/day back pain was almost gone.Glad to be off Vicodin ;-)
926: I can't give you a rating at this time as I've only had 1 capsule. I'm using for the following, R/A & O/A as well as Fibro myalgia.
927: Although Gabapentin allows me to sleep at night because it seems to deaden the pain in my left buttock while lying down. it has the unpleasant and lasting side effect of my front teeth being extremely sensitive.  This last most of the morning after I get up. Seems like sleep inducing and pain treatment lasts for 7 hours but sensitiviy lasts most of the day.
928: Gabapentin has effectively treated my restless legs.
929: I lost the support of my legs to the point where my mobility was the act of crawling.
930: I was prescribed for resless leg syndrome.  It has short-term and limited effectiveness.  With increased doses, I started having discomfort in legs and what seemed like poor circulation in feet which the doctor didn't really address, in fact he increased the dose again.  I am now using Gabapentin and low dose of Mirapex which has seemed to help resolve most issues.
931: THE DOCTOR PUT ME ON THIS MEDICATION FOR THE TREATMENT OF FIBROMYALGIA, SUDDENLY TODAY I HAD INCREASED SWELLING IN ANKLES/LEGS, ARMS AND HANDS.  ALSO HAD A MOOD SWING FOR NO REASON.
932: In 2008 was in farm accident. Put me on 4000 mg a day in 2011 took left leg off and dropped to 2400 mg per day and been on that amount ever since. Some days I forget it and can’t really tell it.. I don’t think I need medication all I need is to find a doctor that gives a hoot.. In the past 14 years I’ve been to every kind of doctor except an OBG doctor. None of then gives a heck. And yes I have insurance bcbs
933: What? No zero star rating available? After spinal cord injury I worked my way up to max  dosage. I think I slept a little better the first day. Maybe a fluke. I was taking a hand ful of pills and saw no results. I did gain 40 pounds though. Have taken Lyrica since and it was terrible.It made me sick.I just wonder if gabapentin has a better treatment rate than a placebo.
934: did nothing-leg cramps
935: This medicine really did help my pain from the shingles. I could take it and continue to work where with the other pain medicine that I was given I could not. I recommend this to anyone with the shingles.
936: I had fusion back surgery. They initially put me on 300mg per day, eventually going to 2700 mg per day.  It might have made me a little sleepy, but I couldn’t say I got any pain relief. I tapered off as directed and had no problem.
937: I have two herniated discs that give me a terrible pain in my leg like electricity, I coudn't sleep at nite.  After taking gabapentin 2 of 300 mg I can sleep almost all nite and pain is gone. My only complaint is that it made me gain weight, i am upset with that but otherwise no problems.
938: been taking this for about six months. The shooting pain to my feet has stopped so I'm assuming it is working. Still have burning  and numbness.
939: didn't work
940: been taking for over 1 month , starts with a g just like garbage does not work
941: I have been using this drug in combination with Amitriptyline to help with Neuropathic Pain. The two together help a lot.
942: I WEEK OF TREATMENT
943: I am very happy with his med.
944: Gabapentin  300 MG  3X Per Day    This has not helped with any of my pain I also have experienced short term memory loss, and gained weight.
945: I was taking this as needed for anxiety, but now I take it regularly. It works great for anxiety and sleep. The only downside I notice is that my appetite increases if I take an extra dose on bad days, so I have to be careful of what I eat on those days. I also think it can be addictive, as I feel I need more of it even though I'm on the maximum dose allowed by my doctor.
946: Gabapentin has made a huge difference in my life!  I was experiencing neck and shoulder pain due to a protruding disk in my spine.  After two days on this drug, I have had 90% relief!
947: I have been on this drug for 4 days to treat migraines.  So far it has worked.  I used to wake up with a headache everyday.  I agree with the other comments stating they're groggy, tired and slurring words. I have found it hard to adjust to being groggy every morning. Have had to miss work because of it.  Hopefully that will go away soon.
948: Was on lowest dose. Had an allergic reaction to this drug - throat/tongue/hives, etc.  Also made me feel like I was on Mars.  Would not have been able to function even if no allergy.
949: This medicine has really work for damaged nerve in face
950: Of all the medications prescribed over the trs for my nerve pain...Gabapentin is by far, for me, the most beneficial with the fewest side effects.
951: This medication is suppose to treat my leg pain. I really don't notice any relief.
952: Very little relief and many side effects!  When I initially increased to 300mg 3x/day (900mg total), along with that came a severe headache.  Thankfully that lasted only a short time.    My prescription glasses were going to be changed for a second time.  This past week I've been tapering off of the medication (switching to Lyrica) and my eyes are improving.  They changed that much in that short of time due to the Gabapentin!    Side effects that I experienced: burning-dry-itchy eyes, change in vision, loss of balance, difficulty walking, dry mouth, lightheaded, trouble thinking-confusion, blurred vision, weakness & memory loss.    The most troubling of these side effects for me, is the difficulty thinking and memory loss.  These have affected me socially as well.  It is difficult formulating thoughts into words or remembering what I have said.    Driving can be a challenge if diverted from the planned route.  It takes forever to figure out how to get from point A to point B.  It takes almost twice as long to run my errands, even if I've done it hundreds of times with interruptions.    Unfortunately, per insurance (according to the doctor), the use of Gabapentin was required because it is less expensive.  Whether the Lyrica will benefit me is still unknown.    It is understandable why people with neuropathic pain become depressed.  It's been more than two years and I'm still dealing with pain 24/7.  Physical therapy is the most prescribed course of treatment, and you can only beat a dead horse so many times!Read More Read Less
953: I am prescribed neurontin/gabapentin for chronic pain, and it's been working great for 3 years!
954: helps pain for a short period
955: Only on it for 10 days. I'm becoming completely irritable and short tempered.
956: not much
957: It doesn't solve the pain in my feet, but it helps
958: I have RSD, a extremely painful nerve injury condition which is permanent..this medication is extremely helpful to control the nerve irritation which if not taking this is extremely severe...I have gained a little weight which I thought was from my diet.overall this medicine is very effective
959: This drug was suggested to treat chronic back and leg pain originating from catastrophic damage to my lumbosacral spine. Prescriber is a NP in panic mode over the new anti-opiod campaign of DEA practicing medicine. Hangover is tremendous, and it does not treat the pain.
960: Treating Post Herpetic Neuralgia (pain after shingles) Pain is in entire right side of face including nerves around eye, in nose and mouth. Have been on 300 mg three times daily, recently went to four times daily to help with sleep. Also on low dose of Vicodin for breakthrough pain. First 5-6 weeks on the drug was awful...extreme dizzyness and ataxia. Could not drive. Bad forgetfulness, mood swings and anxiety. These side effects diminished or disappeared after 5-6 weeks. I've been on the drug for 9 months now. Sleepyness and lethargy are still problematic. However, if I were not on this drug, the pain would be totally incapacitating. If I forget and am late with a dose, I can tell immediately, as the pain hits with a vengeance. The gabapentin bumps my pain down to a level where I can function. I am not happy with the lethargy, but will put up with that, as I don't think I could function very well without the Gabapentin.Read More Read Less
961: Finally worked when I remembered to take it 3 times a day as prescribed.  I've had 4 surgeries involving nerves.  My only concern is the weight gain I've read about in other reviews.  Hasn't happened yet but will watch out for it.  My dosage is 300mg x 3 per day.
962: Dr. Started me on  gabapentin for shoulder nerve pain many years ago. helped a bit. But it is a TRUE MIRACLE drug for root canal surgery.  

I started taking it in the afternoon of a day when I had a root canal the morning that was really starting to hurt as the anesthesia wore off. ABSOLUTE MIRACLE DRUG! Completely stopped the root canal pain in its tracks, and kept it away. Never felt another twinge. I got off gabapentin when my shoulder problems improved, but every time I go in for oral surgery, I take gabapentin  and I never have any post-op pain. 

More recently, I started having some neck pain issues, and the neurologist put me on a total of 2400mg / day. seems to be helping. zero side effects
963: I have suffered from Diabetic Peripheral Neuropathy for over 20 years. It began in my feet as a severe burning pain, which subsided 10 years ago until they finally went numb. Seven years ago it moved to my hands. The pain felt like my hands were submersed in a deep fryer... We're talking SEVERE crippling pain.     In the beginning a Doctor prescribed Neurontin 100 mg twice daily, as was the "recommended" dose at the time. It had little to no effect on the pain. Eventually it got so severe I sought the help of a Pain Management Center who put me on strong narcotics (Dilauded) and every few weeks we had to increase the dose as my body became adjusted to it. My concerns of becoming addicted to a powerful narcotic, by taking such high doses eventually over weighed the minimal benefit I was getting from the drug, so I finally stopped taking it.    And now the GOOD part...    About a year ago we moved to a tiny Texas town, and I again was in such intense pain, that I sought the help of a different pain management specialist. During my initial visit, he asked about my experience using Neurontin, and I explained that I tried it 7 years ago, and told him the dosage I was taking, (200mg daily) He sort of chuckled and said that was no where NEAR the dosage I should take . He stated me on 300 mg 3 times daily to see how I tolerated the medication, and to see what relief i had. He also said that Neurontin (Now generic Gabapentin ) needed to be prescribed in a "Step Up" dose to allow for your body to adjust to it. In 2 weeks, he raised the dose to 600 mg 3 times daily, I tolerated it well, but still had the pain, all be it better, but not gone. After 2 months he finally stepped me up to a new plan. I now take 1 1/2 600 mg tablet (900 mg 3x daily = 2700 mg daily) and when I have days with breakthrough pain (my pain seems to cycle 3 days on, 2 days off) I take 2 600 mg 3 times daily (3600 mg daily)    This treatment plan has led to me being  pain free for the first time in 20 years...   Read More Read Less
964: From 100 to 300 mg at night started out as wonderful for my leg vibrations. I still had unbalance and secondary pain -- but it was a miracle for the vibrations to stop. I was supposed to start taking it during the day also. I did. By four months I had gained 30 lbs and was growing. I tried taking only 100 mg during the day four times and each time I slipped into twilight sleep with freaking daydreams and lost hours at a time.     As awesome as it was for me at night, I had to get off it. I have never been a fat guy and at first the belly was kind of fun, but then it got really uncomfortable.    And the day trips were unacceptable.    So I am taking Lamotrigine tonight. Wish me luck.Read More Read Less
965: after initially taking the prescribed dosages, which worked for 3 day, appears not to be effective now taking the prescribed dosage of 1- 300mg tab daily, having burning feet pain,
966: I had shingles at the end of April and had tingling in the legs, but the pain was somewhat subdued. Now 3 months later I am having severe pain in my back and all the way down the right leg. I was told to try Gabapentin at night because it makes you drowsy. It has done nothing but keep me awake at night and I have not noticed a difference in pain levels. I have stopped taking the med, because I need to sleep. Hoping the Dr. puts me on something else, the pain is unbearable, but so is not sleeping at night! Read More Read Less
967: Four years ago I injured my hamstring and pretty much every near-by body part on my left middle quadrant (hip, ALL my glute muscles, IT band, hamstring, etc) and the injury caused permanent nerve and muscle damage, so I had to make drastic life-style changes that I was not use to.  (I went from overly active, to just getting by.)    I tried Cymbalta and Baclofen and they were a no-go for me.    My Doc put me on the 100mg 3Xday to start and slowly increased me to 300mg 3xday and that seems to be the dose that works for me.  In the very beginning I had the sleepiness and memory fog effects, but both went away with time.  I also take Tramadol for non-b=nerve pain.    I know this is not for everyone, but this just may work for you.    NEVER GIVE UP, sometimes you have to be your own advocate.  (I saw 15 docs, had 9 MRIs, 7 various injections, 2CTs, 2 surgeries, 1 ultra sound, 1 PRP injection all in 4 years before I found what works for me.Read More Read Less
968: I take 3 pills a day whic
969: This medication has had alot of negative side effects for me. Such as sleepy feeling all day when I take it before bed. I have trouble keeping a straight thought.
970: dry mouth
971: use for treatin fibrmyalgia
972: had to add carbatrol to this medication to help with pain.
973: This medication was an alternative to Lyraca from my health Insurance because Lyraca is so expensive but It did not work for me.
974: I really don't see a difference in my pain, but I am increasing my dosage as of today, so hopefully it will be better.
975: ive been on this for a yr or so now and it works great for me,the pain in my feet are gone ,i can sleep at night , i have bad nerve damage had to have a double fusion and so far this is the best time i found for the pain in my feet!!!
976: My nan takes these for restless legs syndrome, but she came off them yesterday because we've noticed that since she has started gabapentin, she's been falling down a lot, nearly everyday, and actually broke her wrist about 3 weeks into treatment. It also changed the way she walked and gave her an abnormal style of waling. When she first started this medication, she had side effects that included feeling dizzy, tearfulness and wanting to cry, indigestion, dry mouth, feeling confused and 'fuzzy', and a headache. These side-effects went quite soon, about 3-10 days after starting treatment, but about 3 weeks into treatment, she started developing a strange, wobbly walk, clumsiness, and frequent falls, one of which caused her to fracture her wrist. She stopped taking the tablets yesterday and has now moved on to codydramol, which may be of more help and hopefully when the gabapentin is out of her system fully, which will probably take 3-10 days, she will start walking normally again, be less clumsy and less prone to falls. Generally, I don't recommend this medication to elderly patients because it may cause them harm.Read More Read Less
977: I was prescribed this drug for facial neuralgia.  Upon taking my first pill, a 100 mg caplet, my left eye started having uncontrolled eye movements.  Will not take a second pill.  Don't know what to try next for facial nerve pain.
978: it is a good drug to get rid of the leg pain.
979: I have had pitting edema in my lower extremities and severe muscle and joint pain, chest pain, i am done taking this medication
980: Taking for damaged nerve pain in upper left foot.  Has not been of any benefit to me at all.
981: It works fairly well.
982: it does not work for alcoholism
983: my doctor put me on this medication for chronic headaches.
before hand i would take excedrin extra strength a couple times a day with little relief. 
i take 100mg 2x a day & now i have little to no headaches. 
i’ve also noticed it has helped my mood and my anxiety!
984: had awful tremors
985: swelling of th eyes and tongue
986: I wake up to "Burning Hands", feels like they are in a pit Fire! After 5 or 6 days of taking Gabapentin...No more waking up on fire!! Only semi negative side effect is...I felt weak and I slept 10/12 hrs a day for 4-5 days!! Well Worth It.
987: I have bipolar disorder and for some reason, this medication causes severe depression and suicidal thoughts in me.  However, it did treat my nerve pain due to Hep C and spinal nerve compressions.
988: I am a diabetic and I take 1200mg a day and I can't live without it.
989: I have been on this medication for three years now. I believe its effectiveness is decreased over time as my peripheral neuropathy seems to be worsening. Hopefully, my new neurologist will have suggestions, perhaps even increase the doseage. This commonly occurs with medications, so I am giving the benefit of the doubt.
990: The side effects were worse than the problem.
991: I was given this medication a few years ago for nerve pain in my thigh. It worked wonderfully. Recently my dosage was changed from 400 mg per day to 900 mg per day for severe pain due to a herniated disc. It has helped immensely and is making it so I need less of the heavy pain medication.
992: I have had to experiment when and how much to take
993: Thirty days 300mg twice aday it did a good job I had some sides but the gain was more it took 6-8 days to stabilize some and do the best I was off for three weeks and restarted to confirm the gain verses the sides or just a let up in the pain it has been very helpful.I am diabetic,hepc,arthritis,amputee,all has some type of neuropothy so it is worth trying but you must wait and hold out if it isn't too extreme for it to pay off.
994: I had severe double vision and was very lightheaded after taking only three capsules. My body rejected it big time.
995: I have experienced dizziness, blurry vision and loss of consciousness
996: When I take the medication I am relived of the pain... but I get a heat felling inside me when the medication were oof.
997: i take it because of chemo it helps sometimes
998: I have nerve damage that causes extreme pain in my legs and feet.  This med takes care of the pain so I am able to function.  When I first started taking it, it made me a little sleepy, but that went away.  I am very happy with it and not having to take more narcotics.
999: Taking gabapentin for pain in my feet (cause not determined).  Pain was relieved about 70% but numbness and tingling with occasional sharp pain still present, taking 1800 mg/day for 3 weeks.
1000: dizzy, short term memory loss. severe pain in lower back.
1001: i had severe pain in my wrist as well as numbness. was unable t sleep at night i was in so much pain. the very first night i took the meds, i slept very well all night. it has done wonders for me.
1002: my doctor perscribed gabapentin to me for Restless Leg Syndrome and the "pins and needles" feeling in my arms.  Yes, my arms.  It does make me sleepy during the early evening.  And when I'm getting close to the next dosage the pain in my arms and legs starts to come back.
1003: Can tell no difference with or without 4000 mg/day.  A lot ad my friends say it really helps.  For me it may as well be plastic
1004: At 900 mg will shake, 1200 mg causes confused mental state
1005: SOMETIMES NOT EFFECTIVE COMPLETELY.SEEM TO BE MORE TIRED.NOT ABLE TO CONCENTRATE AS WELL OR REMEMBER AS WELL.SOMETIMES DROP THINGS.
1006: Been on gabapentin  for 2 months Started with 300 mg a day for 1 month, increased to 600 mg to see if that dose would work better for my neuropathy in feet.  Hair loss is very noticeable, will be stopping this drug and go back to B complex.
1007: gets rid of hot flashes
1008: I had a terrible experience with this drug; it started out taking the edge off with the pain but i was like a zombie; extremely tired; in less than 2 weeks than I had an extreme allergic reaction and broke out in itchy hives all over my body inside and out including my eyes; it was a horrible experience and then had to wean off the drug still in extreme pain and still having to hold a full time job.
1009: works well with oxycontin
1010: mood changes
1011: it work
1012: Prescribed for neck bone spurs to be used until PT kicked in.  Minimum dosage of 100 mg 1-3 times a day did nothing.  Upped to 300 mg and was stoned all day...but when I took it prior to bedtime, thinking it would be great for sleep, kept me awake all night.  During the day, I was totally "stoned"
1013: I had a very light case of shingles...but I have had a crawling sensation in the area where the shingles were, mostly at night..  Since I have been taking 300mg of gabapentin  before bedtime.. it has given me complete relief...It has been great, as a crawling sensation like bugs crawling was awful..
1014: I have sciatica pain from L5-S1, horrible pain and could not walk, tried tramidal, oxycodone, did not help, was prescribed gabapentin and almost immediately after the first pill my pain was reduced 75% now I can function and walk around the house, I have microdiscsectomy scheduled
1015: This medication was prescribed in order to treat Bi-Polar II disorder by my doctor (apparently it's still in testing for this) and it works moderately well for stabilizing my moods, however it really is a miracle drug for calming my IBS and has decreased those symptoms and the pain incredibly.  I can't live without this medicine now. Period.  It also reduced the constant anxious feeling I had to almost nothing.  Great stuff! (I take one 800 mf tab twice a day.)
1016: Taken for nerve pain due to degloving injuries to thighs.
1017: i take it 4 x a day it been helpful with pain
1018: In 1996 I became neurologically allergic to florescence and computer flicker. From 1970 until 1996 I worked in graphics design. Then overnight, Instant migraines, and tired all of the time. I was up and down in bed for 2 years before the doctor found another person with my symptoms. I was prescribed GABAPENTIN, have taken a high dosage everyday, since day 1 and it is my lifeline to an almost normal life. I LOVE IT!
1019: First three nites taken, I slept like a baby and no pain.  Was drunkish for a couple days but that stopped.  The 4th and 5th day day, pain came back so i upped it to one at 4:00 and other at bedtime and that helped.  I am all of a sudden having painful knots come up on my face, under my arms and on my back??  Anyone else?  I ahve not changed anything else such as meds, detergent or anything else.
1020: makes me very drowsy and sleepy
1021: just started my prescription very dizzy , but no pain so I will stick with it an see if the dizziness goes away
1022: my mom takes this medication and I am just finding out all the severe side effects it has,, especially severe memory loss and aggression,, which my mom who has  onset of dementia has experienced more over the last year,, I am going to wean her off these pills and see if there is any improvement,, her Dr does not seem to care
1023: My mom is 80 years old, suffers moderate dementia and was given this at 1800mg a day for lower leg pain by the dr treating her dementia. After reading comments about memory loss, confusion, etc I am very surprised she was prescribed it. In the last three months while on this, her memory has gotten worse, is frequently disoriented, weakness in legs and hands, loses her balance when walking and would sleep 18 hours a day if allowed. Although many of these symptoms mirror progressing dementia, symptoms appeared soon after starting this med. After reading posted comments, I agree this med is worsening her condition and will contact dr to slowly reduce and eventually wean her from this. Not worth what it is doing to her.Read More Read Less
1024: It has caused severe swelling of feet, ankles, and legs. But helped with the burning pain I had in my back due to two surgeries
1025: Drs: 900mg 3x/day. Fried my brain, instead 900-1200mg 1x/day at nite to help w/pain & sleep for 12 yrs. Slowly weening off completely. NOT WORTH IT!  Gabapentin Side Effects  COMMON side effects  If experienced, these tend to have a Severe expression  Involuntary Eye Movement  Uncoordinated  If experienced, these tend to have a Less Severe expression  Dizzy  Drowsiness  Fluid Retention In The Legs, Feet, Arms Or Hands  Inducing Of A Relaxed Easy State  Low Energy  INFREQUENT side effects  If experienced, these tend to have a Severe expression  Altered Mental Status  Depression  Feeling Anger Toward Something  Loss Of Memory  Mood Changes  Trouble Breathing  If experienced, these tend to have a Less Severe expression  Backache  Bacterial Infection Of Middle Ear  Blurred Vision  Constipation  Cough  Diarrhea  Double Vision  Dry Mouth  Dysarthria  Feel Like Throwing Up  Feeling Weak  Hyperactive Behavior  Infection Caused By A Virus  Lazy Eye  Not Feeling Well  Shaking Extremities  Throat Dryness  Throat Irritation  Throwing Up  Weight Gain  RARE side effects  If experienced, these tend to have a Severe expression  Abnormal Liver Function Tests  Confused  Decreased Lung Function  DRESS Syndrome  Easily Angered Or Annoyed  Erythema Multiforme  Giant Hives  Having Thoughts Of Suicide  Hypersensitivity Drug Reaction  Increased Eosinophils In The Blood  Life Threatening Allergic Reaction  Low Amount Of Sodium In The Blood  Multiple Organ Failure  Rhabdomyolysis  Stevens-Johnson Syndrome  Swollen Lymph Nodes  Yellowing Of Skin Or Eyes From Liver Problems  If experienced, these tend to have a Less Severe expression  Agitation  Altered Interest In Having Sexual Intercourse  Cannot Focus Thoughts  Chronic Trouble Sleeping  Enlarged Breasts  Excessive Sweating  Feeling Anxious  Fever  Head Pain  High Blood Sugar  Inability To Have An Erection  Increased Creatine Kinase Level  Indigestion  Inflammation Of The Nose  Loss Of Appetite  Pain  Pink Eye  Problem Behavior  RashRead More Read Less
1026: Degenerative disk disease has me suffering pain in my legs due to pinched nerves at the L5/S1 and L4/L5. I normally take 300mg capsules at breakfast and dinner. My latest episode brought greater pain; I stepped up the dosage to 600mg twice daily at my doctor's recomendation until I can get another epidural shot. The epidurals work for up to eight months at a time. No weight gain, but some memory loss, sleepiness and dizziness. My other treatment option was surgery. I would rather take Gabapentin as it is extremely effective in my case. It's also helping me stop smoking and reduces some obsessive/compulsive behaviors. I find, though, that this medication overwhelms some patients. If the side effects knock you out, I would recommend immediate cessation of the drug based on a doctor's consulation. P.S. I still play sports, and the activity also relieves my pain tremendously. I think the combination of treatments and medications are helping me keep the weight off.Read More Read Less
1027: Effective treatment for RLS- most  of the time- but not always.
1028: I am very concerned about gaining weight while being on Gabapenitin Oral.  Do you gain or loose weight when on this drug.
1029: Treatment from a couple of shingle breakouts,the herpes,chronic herepetic neuralgia,most recent relief from brain surgery nerve damage.This has been a wonder drug for me for 10 years.
1030: I am taking this drug due to back and leg pain from scar tissue after spinal fusion five years ago.  My physician prescribed 300mg for me in conjunction with cortizone injections. I take it at night to help me sleep and to eliminate leg pain.  The leg pain has diminished to be replaced by some leg numbness and aching, which is a symptom of post-surgical spinal scar tissue.  Also, after taking the drug for over a week, the morning light-headedness and grogginess has diminished. Better to live with a little discomfort than pain!Read More Read Less
1031: I am a diabetic and have the beginning of neuorapathic in my right foot. Mostly the loss of feeling or deadness. I have just started taking this medication at night. The first night it worked fine,and I slept very sound. I have been feeling very slugish though. The second night similar feelings but this time a got SEVERE LEG CRAPS.  The third night even MORE SEVERE.  This same things happens to me with Lipitore, Crestor and the like.  I just can't take them.  I am stopping this..as the Severe leg craps are excruating.Read More Read Less
1032: The Gabapentin worked well for the Neuropathic Pain but the side effects were bad. I had shaking (tremors) bad. Also made me feel tired and sluggish.
1033: I am 58, female with neuropathic pain.  I was hesitant to try this drug as my father had suicidal thoughts the one time he took it.  This did not happen to me at all.  The first night I took it was the first time in one year that I slept through the night - pain reduced to the point I don't realize I have a problem.  One the rare nights I do have discomfort - enough to keep me awake - I do take an extra one to the 3 X 300mg I am prescriped.  I do suggest that you have your husband/family member with you the first night in case you do have a reaction like my father did - who by the way was back to normal in a matter of hours.  Unfortunatly, he did live the rest of his 83 years in chronic pain.  Worth a try - some level of concentration is off, but I regard it as a viable trade off for no pain and sleep.Read More Read Less
1034: It made me feel as if I was walking drunk. It felt that the ground was uneven.  People I didnt know even mentioned are you ok?  .
1035: I went to doctor for back pain. Been on this drug for 4 months and they keep uping it on me. I take 4 300mg 3 times a day. I can not get an erection. My movement is alot slower. My memory umm what memory. My wife says my brain is like mush. I forget what I asked 5 min earlier. I have started taking less and gonna tell dr to change it cause they know what is wrong with me just not ready to do anything about it. Please don't let you on this drug
1036: I was prescribed this medication for Bipolar II Disorder.  I'm not sure if the medication is working for me because I am also hard at work with DBT (Dialectical Behavior Therapy) which has helped me to learn and strengthen coping skills to deal with the emotions caused by Bipolar.  I did notice that my mood started going down because I was tired all the time and started feeling depressed.  So  my doctor increased my Lamictal (mood stabilizer) to increase my mood upward).  The mood generally seems to be doing better with both of those changes (although I'd prefer not to increase one because of another).  I also have Fibromyalgia.  I have not seen any change in that condition and its pain elements since I started this medication.  I've noticed that the skin under my left eye twitches occasionally now when it hadn't before.  I'll talk to my doctor about that.  Read More Read Less
1037: I have neuropathic pain in both feet for no diagnosed reason. I had a lot of uncomfortableness, tingling, pain, and general discomfort. I take 900 mg plus three Advil three times a day and it seems to help a great deal. It also helps if I run a mile three times a week.
1038: I have RLS and Requip was prescribed first.  It was effective but I developed augmentation after 6-8 months and was taking more and more to relieve my symptoms. Dr. added Gabapentin (300 mg  - 1 capsule at 4 p.m. followed by 2 capsules an hour before bedtime).  The combination of drugs has worked wonders for me.  I was able to reduce the amount of Requip I was taking by half and have not experienced augmentation after 3 years of taking this combination. I do not have side effects other than sleepiness at bedtime, a great side effect!Read More Read Less
1039: Use 600mg 4 times daily for burning in legs and feet following lower back surgery in Dec 2008. Only problem since starting this drug in 09 has been sexaul problems since I started. 62 year old male in good health.
1040: I have been taking this medicine twice daily for 8 years for pheripheral neuropathy caused by side effect of Dapson tab.  Due to severe symptoms of memory loss when I gradually discontinued Gabantin-100, all the symptoms of burning feet, muscle pain while sitting returned back with full effect.  Dont know what to do
1041: I have been taking 300mg at bedtime for one month. This is for cervical back pain where I had a fusion some years ago. I have noticed no bad side effects yet, except for weight gain. I have gained 20lbs. in one month.This is probably dose related, but if it continues I'll quit taking it.
1042: medidicine made me feel really strange and my eyes burned after using this medicine for a few days. I stopped taking it and still have problems with my eyes burning.
1043: i'm on this because the other drug i was taking, ultram, wasn't doing any good. i have a pinched nerve in my lower back caused by a herniated disc. there is numbness in my right leg & the "electricity feeling" pain goes shooting down, like a spasm.  i've been on 1/2 pill (600 mg pills) for 1 week & just tonight started a whole pill. first couple of mornings i was dizzy but i think it's working a little, except for the leg pain (which is what i need to get rid of). in all the posts i've read, nobody says how bad the constipation is. i can't believe that's not a big problem. i'm on stool softeners & it's helping somewhat after a few days. pain meds really are horrible for messing with your system. any solutions, besides stopping the drug?Read More Read Less
1044: I've been on 3,600mg daily for about 8 months. I still have a lot of pain in feet & now hands too. I went to neurologist for increased headaches & RLS. Since he put me on gabapentin, I have developed neuropathy in feet & now hands.  Hard to even brush my hair or teeth. Forget tying shoes!
1045: had sciatic pain and sprained ankle, took 600mg and 1 hour later most of the pain was gone.
1046: Since using the drug, I notice severe pain in my knees and my elbows.  It hasn't helped with the hot flashes.
1047: I was prescribed this medication for anxiety and chornic pain.  I took 300mgx5 a day.  If I would drink their were many times I would just drop to the floor. People said about 30 minutes after taking it, I would have slurred speach.  I after would lose my balance.  I am weining off this med to try something different that will help with my panic attacks and agoraphobia.
1048: My podiatrist suggested gabapentin for neuropathy.  Note to my endocrinologist: hello!  One nite I was in such pain that I could not sleep.  I took one with water.  In minutes, the pain was gone!  I slept like a rock.  No pain the next day either.  I now take them as needed for extreme pain.  I have taken 3 so far.  I tolerate pain very well, but when it's there, I really need help NOW.  I take over a dozen scripts and added no side effects from gabapentin.  Thanks Doc.
1049: I could not "think", "talk" or even complete a thought.  at age 32 I could not cook, self care, angry ect......  I took this Med for 2 yrs, it took over 6 month of "self weening" to stop this DRUG and experenced chest and left arm "pressure/pain" while "weening". As a retired Nurse, I WOULD NOT ENCOURAGE ANYONE TO TAKE THIS DRUG !!!  Seizues with liver dissorder is THE ONLY GROUP OF PATIENTS THAT SHOULD CONSIDER THIS DRUG.
1050: 600 mg tid along with 75mg venlafaxine ER has worked wonders for hit flashes.
1051: ggave me bad dreams,and very hard to think and speak
1052: my dr prescribed this to me for severe pain at my sacroiliac joint...I was only able to take one pill, I took it at bedtime. by the next morning I couldn't get out of bed, I was confused, very very drowsy bad headache when I tried to sit up...now it has been 4 days since I took it and I am still scared to drive, still very sick to my stomach and have a bad headache. I also am experiencing heart palpitations when I try to lay down.  I am never taking this med again....I have never had suicidal thoughts but this med made me feel so bad I found myself understanding why people kill themselves....very very scary....  Read More Read Less
1053: Very effective but lately my  hands have  been  twitching.
1054: This medication was given in conjunction with other medications for anxiety and depression
1055: first week of 200mg/day made me dizzy and drowsy.  second week increase to 300mg/day and suffered severe gastrointestinal problems and light headedness. no relief from burning pain in my legs at all.  going to stop taking it.
1056: not helping pain
1057: Gabapentin 100 MG 3/day  At first I was afraid to take this as I am also Bi-polar w/severe depression.  The medication, after a few days did take care of the nerve pain shooting down my right leg.  I, however, also caused more severe back pain in my lower to mid back, stomach cramps, loss of appetite, the inability to stay awake and the inability to function, even to do the things that I really do need to do.  For all of you that are having great success with this medication, I am very happy for you.  For all of you that are having issues, Please consult your Doctor and GET OFF OF THIS MEDICATION AS SOON AS POSSIBLE.Read More Read Less
1058: After taking this med for a week and a half as it was given to me for my severe IBS and nerve pain I had noticed a rash on my arms and face thought it was a heat rash then I broke out in hives throat and tongue swelled up and off to the ER I went so that med is off my list there going to have me try Lyrica hoping It will not have the same effect ..Feeling defeated
1059: I'm using it for an  " off lable "  application  ( sleep aiid )  what I can;t find on this web MDpage is whether it will show up in an employer drug screening lab test .  I got this bottle of a hundred capsules from a friend ,  I drug test tomorrow , I haven't taken one for a week or two .
1060: Gabapentin only works on my nerves in my feet. My fingers hurt all the time. And getting up in the morning is terrible it feels like withdrawal. It takes me about 4 hours to get back to normal. People should really do there homework before using this medication.
1061: It kind of works for muscle pain, but not for joint pain.
1062: Seems to quite down the muscle spasms after surgery.
1063: The drup seemed to work during the first few days but has been basically ineffective since then (several weeks) and pain, tingling, numbness nad burning has become much worse.
1064: This drug has helped me very much with the pain and sleeping.I am just starting this medication and so far very statisfied.
1065: i think i am takeing to much each day
1066: initially I was given this medication for costocondritis.  The positive side effect was aid in sleeping without the pain associated with my situation.  The medication was increased to take morning and night, however, I find that tiredness and sleepyness is causing me to go back to taking it at night only.
1067: Been taking for two years 600mg per day for leg pain caused by lower back problems. Has worked very well for me. I am able to function very well since taking this medication. However, does cause mid-day drowisness if sitting for to long.
1068: I am taking 1800mg per day for treatment of Bi-Polar II Disorder. I still have my low days, but they seem to not last as long. I'm hoping this continues and even gets better.
1069: swelling in ankles if not active fall asleep   wasn't worth lack of pain rather have pain than the side affects
1070: Had a stroke and he left side is very numb and tingly.  Gabapentin was suppose to mitigate the tingly. Has not worked.
1071: I was taking this drug to treat hot flashes and felt light headed all the time and felt like I had a hangover or was high all the time. It never worked for the hot flashes and I gained weight taking it.
1072: Works Great to curb alcohol craving.
1073: it makes me sleep alot and makes me have flatulence alot
1074: taking 2600 mg a day ,becoming dizzy,memory loss and blurred vision.Just recently increased was taking 1800 mg a day,This medication really dosent help with the nerve pain,hands are numb and burning still
1075: i can sleep and my legs and back r not in to much pain
1076: I had previously used Lyrica with success for neuropathic pain.  My insurance company ceased to cover Lyrica and I had to switch to Gabapenin.  I may as well been taking a placebo.  The pills were easy to swallow, but otherwise it was useless.
1077: I have just about every symptom/side effect. I feel I am in worse pain than before.
1078: I get a bit drowsy on this and my vision has been a bit blurry, but the side effects are starting to wear off. The benefits have far outweighed the side effects to this points, however.
1079: some days i still have the pain
1080: worst pain in the world stopped by my first dose,wonder drug so far so good
1081: Been on the med for 40 days...it has significantly helped the pain and tingling in my feet...enables me to sleep well every night.  A God send for me!
1082: I've used this drug for more than a year and have found it effective for mild hot flashes. I started at 1 capsule for a while, then to 2 capsules, then to 3.  My new OB/GYN refuses to give me anymore refills for this so now I'm weaning myself off completely a week at a time at the number I take each night. I have no side effects from this drug at all and it really does help with the hot flashes.
1083: Sciatic nerve problem caused me terrific pain.  Have been on 300 mg and feel 99% better.  I have arthritis and it doesn't help that much but I can now walk without much pain.  I was considering a walker when my doctor prescribed this drug
1084: I take 900 mg of this med to help me sleep through the night as I was awake frequently because of hip pain from osteoarthritis even after hip surgery. It now allows me to sleep through the night. Initially I was quite groggy in the a.m. until about 10:00 a.m. and cognitively impaired. That has leveled off and the slight grogginess lasts about 1 hour after rising in the a.m. It has been very positive.
1085: at first when i started this drug i had problems with burning and resh but after a few weeks i got used to it and the problem subsided and the pain in my leg got a lot betteri tried vicodone witch did nothing for the pain but works wonders for my pain  in my backas a result of arthiritis.
1086: Works on my daily migraines with no down time or side effects.
1087: This was prescribed to me for treatiment of nerve pain from a pinched nerve radiating to my right calf from possible herniated disk or spondylolisthesis. I am on day 2 and can hardly believe how much lessened the pain had become. I am however taking half the dowager prescribed as the full dose had me feeling like I was in a fog as well as a little dizzy.  Dose prescribed was 100 mg., x2, and 2x per day. I am taking half that. It also seems to help with stress level..don't know why as I don't see that as a side effect. Ill take it nonetheless. The next question is if I stop taking this, will nerve pain reappear? Will chiropractic treatments work?Read More Read Less
1088: i sleep a lot better
1089: stay too drwsy
1090: Takeing this medican for leg cramps. Sitll hurt in legs all the time. I am stopping  these meds.
1091: I had back surgery for disk problems. I DID have nerve damage in my left leg.My surgeon gave me 100mg agter surgery because the damage was WORSE!! Now he gave me 300mg....OMG I might as well take surgar pills....NO DIFFERENCE!! HELP..THE PAIN IS STILL HORRIBLE!!!!! DON'T TAKE THEM!!! DON'T!!!
1092: unbeleivably this med was given to me to treat peripheral neuropathy. It increased all the symtoms of my condition and until i read the side effects at webmd i was unaware it was happening, and just thought my condition was worsening. AS I WAS WEANING OFF MY SYMTOMS STARTED TO LESSEN. Be careful of this med in general but especially over time.
1093: I was prescribed this med by my OB shortly after a c-sec. Had a very difficult pregnancy due to severe scoliosis that resulted in terrible nerve pain in my lower back & legs. I didnt have very much relief at all but I cant say that it didnt help either. Percocept helped much more as its a narcotic. This medication does help me to sleep a little bit better than without
1094: Just started taking this 300mg, 3 x daily for "change of life" since 2011.  Within 36 hours hot flashes and night sweats gone!!!  What a relief after 2 years of H-E-L-L!!
1095: I'M USING THIS MEDICATION DUE TO A SURGERY I HAD AND IT WORKS EXCELLENT I HAVE BEEN TAKING IT FOR A MONTH NOW AND I DIDN'T HAVE ANY SIDE EFFECTS AT ALL.
1096: this medicine helps me alot!!
1097: I haven taken this drug for 3 months.  It has greatly eased the pain in my feet.  A side effect is that my blood sugar has raised to 150 - 250 since I started.
1098: I am 5 months after a spinal fusion surgery. A week after the surgery, the shingles outbreaks began.  I had not been having any and was weaning off Norco.  Then I noticed that I was getting severe nerve pain and the Norco did nothing to stop it.  After talking to my doctor, I am not taking 300 mg 3 times a day and the pain is minimal.  I was able to stop the Norco and am hoping the nerve pain stops!  I am only 32!
1099: Memory loss, reduced sexual competence (ED)
1100: Horrible horrible medication. Absolutely horrible. I had taken it before but it had given me problems and was not effective for my pain. I was put on Lyrica. Well, a change to my prescription coverage made it so that I could no longer afford Lyrica. I was put on it again. Absolutely in effective against my pain. In addition, my stomach and intestines are in constant pain. I cannot eat. I have stabbing pains in my stomach and in my sides. I cannot sleep. The doctor will not prescribe me anything else. I have had to get off it myself and now have no pain medicine. This stuff will eat you alive. STAY AWAY!Read More Read Less
1101: i have slept for 4 days. is this pill causing it?
1102: I am taking 1200 mgs of this medication along with 400 mgs of limictal everyday. The side effects are extreme dizzyness, night terrors and i still twitch alot. The good news is, I am cleared to work and drive again, so the benifits out weigh the negitives.
1103: Have been taking this now for 3 months. Have Had I bad seizure will give longer to work. and tired and dissness.
1104: This drug should be taken off the market as! I was taking 2 100mg tabs 3 times a day for 5 - 6 weeks but the problems started right away! Itch Itch Itch, No Sleep & Severe Joint Pain! What was happening here? But thinking that in time things would improve, I continued for approx 5 - 6 weeks... My fingers twisted in ways bone & muscle are not meant to bend the pain was horrendous... My arms became like noodles making it hard to reach & pick up a cup or use a fork or type and fine motor movements were impossible! Tripping unstrapping gait became common place... Anxiety was off the charts due to my awkwardness! Trying to communicate to my family about difficulties was frustrating. They did not understand... In the middle of the worst of my symptoms my 1st Great Grandchild was born... I was barely (physically) able to hold her... My doctor which is a wonderful women said I didn't have to ween myself off the drug & I joyfully though them in the garbage! I'm having some after effects bad hand cramps & general soreness like I've ran a marathon (with anxiety) but a good 70% of symptoms have passed (just about) overnight thank goodness... Please let your doctor know at first sign of trouble don't assume anything... All the Best & Good Luck, I Hope You find the Relief You Need! JolineRead More Read Less
1105: Busy Mom of two with daycare--also owner of a bulging disc and Sciatica.  Pain meds didn't help any.  Muscle relaxants either.  This worked within days!  Much relief in chronic leg pain!!!  So far the only side effect has been increased libido (seriously! :)).  I can live with that!  Works for me so far, and I'm on a very low dose.  If I start falling asleep or something, I'd stop using it of course.
1106: SHINGLE TREATMENT
1107: used to treat fibromyalgia
1108: Tingling, creepy crawly feelings, pain, cramping, twitching in my legs.    I needed to be in constant motion, could not read, watch tv, etc.  Night time being the worst, I would sleep for an hr or so awaken by sensations, then the need to stay up until totally exhausted & sensations in legs subsided.  With Gapapentin I got a new life.  Gabapentin being the third medication my doctor tried for something that worked for me.
1109: Initially, it helped me sleep with less pain.  Within a short time my feet were very numb and  the soles of my feet extra sensitive.  Then my  psoriasis (only minor at the time)went haywire and it covered my body and itched  like crazy.  The my ankles started to swell.  The doctors said to take more and  that some numbness was to be expected.    Finally I weaned myself off and by process  of elimination found out that it had affected me quite a lot.  My psoriasis almost cleared up (never totally). Unfor-  tunately, according to a neurologist, the  numbness is permanent.  She would not blame  the drug.  I have never been allergic to  drugs before but haven't ever taken anything stronger than an antibiotic. Maybe  due to my age (60) I had a reaction?  All  I know is that they continued to advise me  that it was okay despite my telling them  about the numbness and psoriasis outbreak,  unsteadiness, etc.    Read More Read Less
1110: I have neuropathic pain in My back. I had a constant burning and tingling feeling- life was horrible for an entire year- I began Gabepentin two weeks ago and it has been a God send! I cannot say enough about how blessed I feel to finally start feeling like I used to it is wonderful & I highly recommend it to anyone in pain! God Bless*
1111: used this in combination with Dilantin post brain tumor surgery and radiation treatment now taking for it for mono therapy for partial seizure control
1112: my husband uses this drug for his scoliosis.he was taking 1200 mg per day. it didnt help w/ his pain and it caused blood blisters on his feet. he told his doc about it and was told to stop the meds...the blod blisters r now dried up and going away.
1113: I recently started on this drug. So far it has done the job of partially relieving the nerve pain in my feet. Since I am relatively new to this med, it is difficult to tell in the long term how it will perform. It has eased some of the pain but not all. In my case it is improved my mobility. Maybe as I continue taking the med my nerve pain will continue to improve.
1114: This medicine make me so sick. I threw up for 3 days and I couldn't keep nothing down. It's a horribly wicked side effects, like vomiting,dizzy,felt horrible,couldn't function.I wouldn't recommend this drug to anyone to take.Some drugs make matters worse and this drug did for me.
1115: A great medicine. I take 3000mgs of the this and it helps with my neuropathy and fibromyalgia. Also helps for anixety.
1116: I HAVE GAINED A LOT OF WEIGHT DUE TO MY ACTIVE APPETITE SINCE I HAVE BEEN TAKING THIS DRUG.
1117: Was taking gabapentin it's terrible.Had to take a weeks vacation because. I was so tired . I am on 3 weeks and still very tired.
1118: Have shingles, started out taking 300 mg 3 times a day, no pain relief after 2 weeks. Now taking 600 mg 3 times a day it has been 1 week, still no relief.
1119: have a compressed sciatic nerve in my left side and spinal stenosis stemming from scoliosis in my back. had spinal fusion as a teen and thought that my health issues were done. 20 years later the above issues surfaced and after seeing a few drs, including primary, rhumatologist prescribed Gabapentin(Nov. 2015). I've had to request the dosage be increased, strength-wise twice, but it's done wonders! Just noticed some weight gain, so i've e-mailed my rhumatologist. hopefully i won't have to stop taking Gabapentin because it's the only thing that works for the sciatic nerve pain in my hip
1120: This medicine killed my dog. Vet prescribed 1200 mg a day  dog weight is 66 lbs she died 20 days later.  Over medicated and put her organs in shutdown.
1121: I take 800mg X 4 a day. thank God for this medicine. I have had no side effects, we tried lowering the does, but I was in so much pain we moved it back up.
1122: given to me for anxiety.  great weight gain and bloating and gas.
1123: This medication{Gabapentin 300MG] works somewhat, but causes my ankles to swell up pretty bad.
1124: I have been on this medication since 2004 with increasing strengths as years go by. I am now on 900mg 3 times a day. No releif at all. I have severe Neuropathy in both feet and within last 6 months have started having jerking motion in feet/legs. I want off of this medication or will change doctors. I am retired and this is no way to enjoy life.
1125: My opinion Gabapentin will either work for you or it will not. If it is not the right treatment for you it could make you high if it's the correct pill it will give you relief There's no right or wrong for anybody it treats a plethora of medical conditions. For me it worked wonderful I started at 100 mg and 6 mo.  later they graduated me to 300. After 2  years in I was moved to a 600 mg three times a day. That worked great.  I would occasionally I miss a day  I would miss a few doses it didn't seem to make a difference so I decided to stop. I wanted to do that because I had taken it for a long period, I've been okay. 
Today 1.5 years later I decided the nerve pain is getting pretty intense again Monday I'll ask my doctor to restart Gabapentin. Again I will start at 100 and move up to 300 mg after time, that is how it is designed to take,  long-term. 
Starting at a 300 could defiantly create getting sick.The Best to All!


 Read More Read Less
1126: This medication helped control pain from spinal stenosis when I was almost ready to consider surgery.  I went from using a walker and getting spinal inj to almost normal activity.  At first it made me sleepy but you get immune to that after a build up start schedule.  I am very happy with it.
1127: Neuropathy in hands- diabetic #2, post chemo patient. Fingers tingle  and no feeling and poor use of hands. No change so far
1128: I take this drug in place of benzos since I became addicted to them.  It is to help with my anxiety.  It has helped my anxiety quite a bit.  However, I have the terrible side effect of extreme finger numbness and nerve pain in both hands, especially after sleeping or raising my hands above my head.  I also have more swelling in my hands and feet.  If it weren't for these side effects I would keep taking it since it works for my anxiety.  I tried to taper off and started having horrid withdrawls.  I was on 1500mg/day and got down to 300mg/day and that is when the withdrawl started. So now I am back on 600mg/day.  Better than 1500, but I am frustrated because what do I choose?  Bad withdrawls or hand numbness/pain? UGH!Read More Read Less
1129: my pain is still there. maybe help some. i am extremely tired. mouth very   dry.
1130: After ditching a doctor who had me on opiates for diabetic neuropathy pain, I asked to be put on a higher dosage of Neurontin (which the previous doctor would not do)and thank God, I have had the first decent night's sleep in ages.  Not only has it quelled my nerve pain, but it has alleviated the RLS discomfort.  I am currently taking 1800mg a day - the only problem I have is trying to remember to take that 2 p.m. dose.  And believe me, whent hey print, 'It works much better when doses are evenly spread out during the day,' they aren't just blowing smoke.  If I miss that mid-day dose, the other 1200mg is not enough to keep the pain at bay.Read More Read Less
1131: after a while I started developed swellinh and a lots of pain on my calf, after cutting down doses it when away, i do no take it everyday but every other day.
1132: I have had so many side effects from this medication.  I do not wish to ever use it again.
1133: Incredible, a miricle drug as far as we see it.
1134: I have been taking gabapentin for years for my diabetic neuropathy. I've tried cymbalta and lyrica but they didn't work for me. Without gabapentin I would not be able to sleep. The pain is unbearable. I have a high threshold for pain, but not with this. Gabapentin has allowed me to function. I do think I'm a little forgetful because of it, but to me that's a side effect I'll deal with.
1135: Yes it works but the side effects of 900 mg a day are not worth it.  It turned my brain to mush, mood swings, so forgetfull and no matter what they say it is addicting.  The inside of my mouth broke out in bumps and skin would shed off when I brushed my teeth.  Worst, for me, I am losing my hair.  Hair strands just fall out constantly.  I now can't wear my hair back.  So I am done.
1136: i felt no relief whatsoever this was just an added headached as it interferred with my Nexum.
1137: I take three 600 mg a day, I take 24 pills a day of different medicines, I don't see any help,but doctor's keep giving me more pills,
1138: for enhanced pain relief following hip replacement.  taken with hydromorphone or tramadol pain relief is good, but side effects are terrible.  now that pain has lessened I continued gabapentin and cut back on narcotics, but side effects continue (see "side effects" on web site).  Lethargy, confusion, dizziness, depression, all I want to do is sleep.  Will discontinue use, moderate pain is preferable to these side effects.  Beware!
1139: Just started taking, and I really don't know if this is going to work for me yet. And I'd like to know what others have experenced, this med as yet to touch the pain, but I just started my 2nd pill a day, and it's going up to 3 times a day in a week.
1140: it gives me a headache and makes me walk funny. I get dizzy. but I have to take it because the pain is so bad.
1141: I took a few of these pill until five people told me the side effect they had taking this medicine and I don,t like how it make my stomach feel also, seen as thou I having cramp in my feet and legs. so I don,t know about this medicine , I have disc disease, fibromyaglia.
1142: i had sudden on set of pain .unable to walk im having injections all the time on to of 1 gaba 300mg 2 times a day helps me sleep for 3 hrs a nigth and i still have a lot of pain.i cant bend or carry anything lil heavy. cant stand or sit mopst times and being abel to care for my kids has become a real job!my 6 yearold has started to help by giving his 3 yearold brother a bath and helping him get dressed,so tell me when the pain will dull from this crap!i want the pain to stop i want my life back!Read More Read Less
1143: I do not care for the side effects and the fact I have to stagger the use of it in conjunction with my other medications.
1144: Used to treat restless leg syndrome, or a problem similar to it, with symptoms originating just below the beltline around my spine. This drug has been more effective than Requip, with fewer side effects, particularly less drowsiness. I presently take 1200 mg at night about 2 hrs before bedtime.  My dosage over time is becoming less effective, and as a result, over the last year or so my dosage has been increased twice. However, it is more effective than any thing I have tried.
1145: it solved my neuropathy in my foot. i think it may have contributed to my swallowing problem.
1146: my doctor only gave me the prescription on friday. I cannot give any info as yet just started using it for a nerve pain.  ty
1147: Numbness in my leg, not helping with the nerve pain at all. I just recently recovered from open heart surgery and my nerves where acting up. The Dr said my nerves where pissed at me for having this major surgery. So one day I was sitting at my desk and my hand cramped up right along with my neck and back. The pain was unbearable. So I called the Dr and the prescribed this horrible medicine to me. Of course I threw it away and now I am dealing with the pain as best I can. Please do not take this medicine it is not worth it at all.Read More Read Less
1148: helps calm nerve pain throughout day and aides for better nights rest
1149: I was given this medication for Fibromyalgia. I cannot tell you how it has helped my life; from horrible pain, not sleeping, fatigue.  It has helped all of these complaints by eliminating.
1150: After mastectomy I was left with terrible pain under my arm which still affects me 6 years after the surgery.
1151: I was given this med for Rheumatoid arthritis 6 mo's ago. Take it at night, I have gained substantial weight and have seen no relief in the pain in joints at all. It was prescribed by Rheumotoligist.
1152: Have been on this for 6 weeks on 300 mg.It has not helped at all. I have just today increased the dose to 800mg at the advice of my doctor.We'll see.Hopefully it does the trick.When I first started it I suffered with severe migraines!
1153: I've had 4 surgeries on my foot to remove a vascular tumor.  As a result I've had major nerve damage in my foot that is very painful.  I take 1200 mg a day and it has helped take the major edge off of my pain.  I can go on walks, which I wasn't able to do before.  I get sleepy during the day but it doesn't affect my job or daily activities.  I haven't noticed any weight gain or other side effects.
1154: after taking this medicine after about  3 days I noticed that I had a sticking sensation in my legs, and on the fourth day the sticking sensation was not only in my legs, but in my arms, face and thoughout my body.The only thing that I saw in the way of results was that it stoped the tingling in my toes.
1155: I was originally prescribed a dose of 900 mg. 3 times a day. This level made me drowsy but unable to sleep. After talking with my doctor, the dosage was reduced to 600 mg. 3 times a day and this is working very well.
1156: I have been experiencing tightness in my upper chest and back, numbness in my throat, swollen glands, dizziness and confusion at times since I started this medication. I have taken myself off of this medication and are having less symptoms. Waiting to see my doctor. I will never take this medication again.
1157: At first I found out that my nerve on the right side of my neck is thinning away which was causing me head pain above my ears down my neck into my shoulders down my arms and into my hands where my hands and fingers throb and tingle I am know up to 900 MG a day just finished being tested for my nerves and know waiting on an appointment for an mri to see where the cause of the pro lem is afyer the yest I was told it isn't completely my nerves it's also my muscles since being on gabapentin it has relieved alot of my pain my pain is know just in my lower arms hands and fingers but only if I puck up heavy things or use my arms alot but hoping after mri I  get more answers so ya I am glad to be taking this and I hope everybody else is experiencing relief as well Read More Read Less
1158: this drug was added to my Dilantin. I also take many other meds, I have MS with seizures, the seizures are caused by my MS. I have to take 20mg of a water pill daily due to the excessive swelling of my hands, feet and ankles.I know this drug is helping but I really hate the side effects of swelling, extreme fatigue and not to mention  constipation, It really did help my tingling of my feet and hands from my MS, so yo get the good, bad and ugly.
1159: On it 6 months for diabetic neuropathy.  It works as advertised, no side effects.
1160: I was prescribed gabapentin for diabetic neuropathy in my feet. Made me very drowsey had a hard time breathing. Could not take It during the day or I couldnt function. Worked at first but later caused depression and suicidal thoughts. Didnt want to do anything. Had severe shortness of breath at times. Had to get off of it. Be careful if prescribed.
1161: WEIGHT GAIN BEWARE! I took it after a liver transplant to combat Nerve Pain brought on by a medication (Valcyte against CMV) I gained 50 lbs then slowing took myself off of it while replacing it with Amitryptaline. No longer putting on dramatic weight. Can now eat anything. No doubt it was the Gabapetin.
1162: Gabapentin to treat Nocturia (i.e.-overactive bladder at night) and Restless legs syndrome (RLS): In the past I suffered from the worst case of Nocturia that either of my two Urologist had ever encountered. I was getting up 10 times a night. I literally tried every medication and even treatments like botox injections in the bladder with no success. Nothing worked. My bladder made me a hopeless insomniac. I felt I was doomed to never be able to get a night’s sleep again in my life. Until I suffered from a painful pinched nerve in my neck. I went to my family doctor who prescribed 300mg of Gabapentin to treat the pain. The Gabapentin did nothing to help my neck pain, but oddly I noticed it significantly reduction in the number times per night I needed to get up and pee. It was cut in half.  I was actually able to get some sleep! So, I did some research online and was surprised to find research articles about the successful use of Gabapentin to treat nocturia.  I told my Urologists about what I had discovered. They knew nothing about the off label use of Gabapentin to treat Nocturia. I had to educate them! WTF! So, for the last few years since I have been taking 300 Gabapentin at bed time with positive results. I still get up to urinate more than most people, but my condition has improved greatly and I can sleep now. Interestingly, I also was suffering from restless legs syndrome at bed time previously and that condition completely gone away when I started taking Gabapentin. Fortunately I have not experienced any of the negative side effects some people do with Gabapentin. There is one other important thing that played a role in my finding a solution to my condition. Prayer! I was suffering, desperate and at wits end to find a solution. I would ask God to guide me so I could find an effective treatment and I did. So, in hindsight, I believe God gave me that awful pinched nerve so I could find Gabapentin as the solution my Urologist could not. Just sayin ??Read More Read Less
1163: this medication is like taking nothing.. it does not help at all
1164: I have Shingles, on the 5th day I had pain so bad I could no longer sleep, a rash on left side front and back. I started on an antiviral on the 3rd day, which now at over a week is starting to lessen the symptoms of pain and red rash with blisters. But that gabapertin did not help at all with the pain, and caused anxiety and irritation. I asked my doctors office, Intermed, to take note of it for the manufacturer, but they said they don't do that, that its up to the manufacturer, which made no sense, if the doctors who prescribe it don't inform the manufacturer, how would the manufacturer know? The medicine is bad news, didn't work for me at all, in fact it made me feel worse.Read More Read Less
1165: I only take this med at bedtime for diabetic neuropathy.  It only diminishes the symptons for a short while.  Can anyone who uses it for this purpose found anything that works well?
1166: Upset GI tract could not tolerate it.
1167: does not take all pain away, but it does make it somewhat bareable.
1168: It, with spinal injections have reduced the pain and discomfort I feel after having spinal surgery which was a total failure.
1169: I have levoscoliosis which has caused severe siatica in both legs. I have taken 300mg twice a day for 5 years. There were and are side effects but I have been able to adjust to them.
1170: am having memory issues some long term and some short. Friends have suggest that gabapatin might be the problem i take 1600 mg a day. if i reduce this is there a withdrawl issue? have leg pain at night that's why i take med.
1171: Have post stroke neurovascular disease with neuropathic pain full left side. Dosed up to 1800 mg per day. Zero effect on pain. Drug severely over-sedated me and was discontinued.
1172: I was prescribed gabapentin for extreme pain in my fingers, hand, wrist and forearm by the VA prior to carpel tunnel surgery. 300mg twice a day. After a few days the pain went away which was great, but about a week later I started having very bad leg pain, especially behind my knees and hamstring muscles. After a few more days I could barely walk and had to shuffle my feet to get around. I couldn't bend to tie my shoes without extreme pain and forget about getting in and out of a car. I stopped taking it and I'm starting to feel better. This drug works, but be aware of some nasty side effects
1173: This medication has completely stopped the night time leg spasms. It also helps me sleep. The only problem is the high dosage I have to take. If I reduce the dosage, currently  900 MG, to 700 MG, the cramps and spasms return. The only negative is the following day I am a little uncoordinated. I don't know if it is because of some of the other meds I have to take. However, with all this I am very satisfied since the legs cramps and spasms are gone.
1174: Taken in large doses has helped the pain in my calves while sitting and lying down since 3 major operations, 2 in my neck, and 1 on my back.
1175: Gabapentin was first prescribed years ago for nerve pain related to migraine headaches with zero success so I was taken off.  This year while explaining to a Psychiatrist about my non stop worrying and daily anxiety, he prescribed Gabapentin.  I told him that I had taken it before for nerve pain with no success but he said that this time it would be tried for something totally different.  I will try anything once and to my suprise, it worked.  The doses had to be moved around and broken up some, but I hardly ever use any type of fast acting drug anymore to stop anxiety.  I take 900mg in the am and then the same dose in the pm.  I also take 300mg midafternoon.  Many of my other doctors (as I have numerous medical problems)have said that they have NEVER heard of using Gabapentin for anxiety and that they would keep this tip for future patients.  I have to admit that I was very skeptical, but for someone who used to take Alprazolam almost daily, I now only take one or two of the 1mg pills of Lorazepam, every few weeks depending on what is going on in my life.  I will forever be thankful to this Psychiatrist.  He says that it is nothing new to the Psychiatrict Department, just other Physicians.Read More Read Less
1176: works well
1177: have been taking this medication 300 mg three times a day and it has done absolutly nothing for me except make me really dizzy and loss of memory.  The pain is still there but sometimes I can't feel the pain because I feel high all the time.  I dont know which is worst.  I shouldn't be driving on this medication.  Going Monday to talk to my doctor about alternative.
1178: I have been given so many diffent meds after having a back injury causing numbness to right leg I am just leary of taking so many different pills  it's obvious that they're not sure what's going to work.
1179: Started taking 100mg this medication a few weeks ago for both my Fibromyalgia & Peripheral Neuropathy & within 2 days of taking it, most if not all of the pain was gone! Not only do I suffer from the above mentioned, I also have Degenerative Disk Disease, Stenosis, as well as nerve damage resulting in part from bulging discs in both my neck & lower back. What a huge relief it has been to be able to get up & move around without feeling like my joints and muscles were fire!
1180: Off label use for GAD. Tried most ssri's and found them to be ineffective for my condition. Been on it now for 3 months and After dealing with my condition I am now on the road to managing my anxiety. Highly reccomed if the antidepressant is ineffective.
1181: Has anyone experienced body odor with this drug.  I never had this problem before but since starting the drug I have body ordor (armpit)
1182: I've been given this medication for lower back pain. I'm suppose to take it 3 times a day but I can't even handle the 1 at bedtime. I feel like I'm completely hungover the next day even though I slept thru the entire night.  I get a headache, lightheaded, queasy and my neck feels like its going to break in half. I told the dr I do not like it & he insist I take it that I will get used to it but I feel the side effects are not worth it and not really sure how it does on the back pain because it completely knocks me out at night and when I wake in the morning I feel horrible and the back pain is actually worse and I can't take anything else until these effects wear off otherwise all I do is get worse. I felt so bad that I couldn't get my 5 yr old to school or go to work.  I'm glad it's working for some people but it really makes me feel horrible I'ld rather have the pain.Read More Read Less
1183: I suffered from chronic disc pain in my lower back to the point of not being able to stand erect and walk more than a step or two.  I started this drug in June, with one pill at bedtime.  I have not needed to increase the dosage (although my prescription is for 3 pills/day).  I sleep very well, although I sometimes have very vivid dreams.  I have been pain free and recently was able to tour Europe for a full month.  I do notice that my taste of foods has changed somewhat.
1184: Reaction, Dry and flaky skin all over my body, stopped taking this med and skin back to normal.
1185: I had sciatic pain in back and down my left leg so bad was going crazy with pain! I was going to get epidural shots in spine but after taking Gabapentin for about 1 week  pain slowed to tolerable so i can handle, i take 300mg 3x a day and at times 1 extra at bed time for max total 4 a day 1200mg I take in conjunction hydrocodone. It seems to have few side effects but possible tender spots and at times temperary sweats. It also may cause me problems concentrating and making decissions. But i am afraid to stop because of these sides I Can't live with the pain I was having!! so better to have these side effects.   Read More Read Less
1186: I still have chronic pain everyday!
1187: Used for foot pain
1188: I lived with nerve pain from a previous back surgery for 40+ years.  I was never without a serious level of pain.  I have now been bumped from 300mg 3 times a day to 600mg 3 times a day and I am free of 99% of my pain.  I still have numbness in my leg.  I have been a guinea pig for many different procedures over the years and nothing worked as well as this one.
1189: makes really sleepy, esp during the day.
1190: This medication was a God-send to me at first.  After two foot surgeries, I thought I would never be able to walk comfortably. Taking one of these a day made it tolerable. After accepting a job that required 8 hours of walking in heels, the dr recommended that we try uping the dose to two a day - we were both trying to avoid surgery 3.  Within 3 days, I was ready to kill myself and everyone around me.  I don't mean that I was ill or grouchy- I honestly thought about how the best way to go would be and who would take care of my son.  I was losing it.  The dr realized that it was the medicine that was affecting my normaly cheerful disposition.  I had never really thought much about the warnings about "Suicidal thoughts"- this made a believer in me.  It is a wonderful meidcation - just watch for symptoms.  Due to MY reaction, I was scared enough to come off of it totally.  Everyone is different.  And, like I said, it worked very well for the nuromas in my feet until I took the job.  Read More Read Less
1191: I suffered from night sweats and taking this drug has made a considerable difference.  I am able to sleep through the night without night sweats.  What a relief.  Side effects, I do experience mild headache, and mild grogginess in the morning.
1192: I tried this for months and have had more side effects than benefits.  I had stomach issues, dizzy, can't focus thoughts, loss of memory, hard to speak what's on your mind, weight gain, chronic trouble sleeping, mood changes, easily annoyed and I've lost over 1/2 my hair! Too many problems to stay on this.
1193: It works good buti feel like I need a higher dose for it can last dose to dose but I can tell it's working I'm satisfied ....
1194: it helped a little in the begining but the pain has increased,also the limit of movement.
1195: I get this medication from a friend not a doctor. I tried it several times in the past. It works well for nerve pain and as a smoking cessation drug. To me, it affects my cigarette craving center of the brain, and I don't crave a smoke as often or not at all. Side effects do not out weigh the benefits. Sleepiness and weight gain against nerve pain and smoking. yea, I'll take the neurontin
1196: I was put on this medication for fibromyalgia. It is effective in decreasing the pain and helping me sleep. I had to stop taking it because it made  my mental processing dangerously slow. It took the pain away, but I was not able to function on it.
1197: numbness and tingling pain
1198: I have a very bad secicia nerve, this medication has helped me with my problem.
1199: I am on my first day,, but I have had 2 and besides I can still feel some pain in the siatiac area and my left hip. nothing like it was I have been on everything from darvecotte to methadone and never had this much relief. I am now thankful I changed doctors
1200: I started onthis med after having shingles. I'm part of the 20% of those who have residual nerve pain. I was on Vicodan which helped butyou can't take it forever.I take 600mg twice a day but I have had tremendous wt gain and cannot wean off it. i am eating more than I have my whole life. The memory loss and dizziness i worked thru.
1201: I was rx'd 100mg every day as adjunct to cymbalta for fibromyalgia muscle pain.  I too had side effects of wt gain, excessevily dry mouth, and I don't feel that there was any real benefit added to take the side effects.. The wt gain certainly has NOT helped my blood sugar issues and my levels are getting better again after stopping a couple weeks ago.
1202: the pain in my feet seems to have all went to my toes, just my toes tingle, not hurt alot, but at times very painful
1203: I have pain from nerves damaged after many accidents and neck surgery with an implnt of a appliance with 4 screws I find some releif taking this medication And if i try to go without it the pain is constant And  makes it impossible to cope. I only take it if I am not going to drive as it can and does cause drowsiness. I find it helps to get the rest when able and do things slowly and do not over do things. Mrs. Claire Wood
1204: HELLO ALL I JUST WON'T TO THANK YOU ALL FOR YOUR TIME AND WRITEING  WHAT YOU THINK OF THIS PILL I WAS JUST PUT ON IT  BUT NOT HAVE TAKEN ONE YET AM NOT GOING TO  THANKS TO ALL OF YOU  SEEMS LIKE I REALLY BAD PILL  IM JUST STAY WHIT THE ONE ON I KNOW WHAT THIS DOZ TO ME  BEN ON FOR LONG TIME  BUT YOU DONT WONT TO START MY PILL TO  BUT HEY IM USE TO IT LORAZEPAM THIS CAN BE IA NIGHTMEAR TO TO TAKE  HE WAS GIVEING THIS TO COME OFF THE ONE AM ON NOW  THANK YOU SO MUCH  FOR YOUR SAYS ON THIS PILL  THANK YOU ALL BYE Read More Read Less
1205: All you baby's out their.  Yes it makes me tired, but for me that's OK.  I take three 300 mg capsules three times a day (2700 mg a day), sometimes more.  It works pretty good for me.
1206: I have been taking 300 mg 3x a day for the past 2 years when I had a nerve conduction study done on my legs showing nerve damage. I can tell when I am close to my next dose and feel better pretty quickly when I take it since I am still working full time as an active mail carrier. I also take 10 mg baclofen 3x a day. I first had tried lyrics but had bad time sleeping and went to gabapentin
1207: Insurance forced me to try this drug for fibromyalgia.  On Lyrica for 2 years which helped immensely.  Gabapentin has to be the WORST drug i have ever been on.  Within 36 hours I was so sick I planned to enter hospital.  I had everyone of the major side affects of this drug.  Back on Lyrica and within 36 hours all side affects had vanished.  BAD BAD DRUG!
1208: It has helped relieve the pain of trigeminal neuralgia. The only side efffect was runny stool.
1209: I have been taking this for a year. I take it only at night because it makes me drowsy. It works very well for the nerve pain I had, and I only feel it in the evenings when it seems to be wearing off. I sleep like a baby now!
1210: I have been told that I am forgetting
1211: Taking this medication for about 8 months for diabetic neuropathy.  Pain was severe at night and I couldn't sleep.  Started with 1200 mg at night and 300 in the a.m.  This was very effective immediately and helped me fall and stay asleep.  My MD and I have cut down to 900mg at night and still very effective.  The only trouble I have is a little foggyness in the a.m. if I take it later at night.  This has been a lifesaver for me.
1212: I was having restless leg syndrome after going to bed and couldn't sleep.
1213: I was prescribed this medication for fibromyalgia. I experienced much less fatigue during treatment. It was less helpful with the pain, but I delt with it much more effectively since I wasn't as tired. Even though I did have any side effects I do not like taking unnecessary medications. I discontinued it to help me determine if it was worth taking long term and realized how much it was helping and restarted it.
1214: Taking this medication 3 times a day. Has been making me tired and dizzy.
1215: Dr. increased dosage from 300mg to 600mg 2xday
1216: While this is an easy to use drug within 3 days of starting the medication I began to get uncontrollably angry over very minor things.  I stopped taking it and it has gotten even worse.  Hope this is out of my system soon....I don't advise taking this if you have a history of anxiety or panic attacks because it is definitely making these episodes occur more often and severe.
1217: t this medicine.
1218: Less than a month of taking this drug I started to have severe side effects.  I had insomnia, panic attacks and mood swings. Since I have been switched to Cymbalta and am worried about the side affects of this new drug.
1219: This medication had no effect on my pain what so ever.  I took 4 times a day and the only thing I noticed was memory loss, hair loss and weight gain.
1220: I got very sick.  My blood quit producing.  I nearly died.  I had to have 5 units of blood.
1221: Taking 3600 mg total per day for nerve pain after compartmental syndrome  journey. Slowly increased dosage and this one works. Am now decreasing pain meds. Only concern is long term effects.
1222: I have chronic nerve pain in ny neck, shoulders, hands and back. Since I started taking this medication I have no pain in my neck and shoulders and very little numbness in my toes.  The main problem with the drug even after taking it for a while I am still sleepy all day.  But I do sleep good at night.
1223: CONFUSED,MENTAL FOG,DIZZINESS,CANT FOCUS
1224: after the 3 day build-up am taking one 300mg daily, not effective after first 3 days. after seeing problems with this drug, am wondering if I should be using this drug. have been having problems with burning feet & low back pain. am on other pain meds with some positive results.
1225: Pain is just slightly better than before I started taking it. Not to impressed. Could anyone who is taking this med let me know how you are doing?
1226: It seems like when I take the full dosage, 3/3times a day, I have trouble knowing I need to go to the bathroom till it's nearly too late. I mean urinating, and I am a male.
1227: This drug caused me to have shortness of breath--chest pains. I ended up in the ER because I thought I was having a heart attack. The Dr was going to do surgery but thankfully the ER nurse told her to check on the reason I was taking this med. I did NOT have any surgery and after all the tests it was found to be from the gabapentin.
1228: Lower leg And Foot Pain ,Hand pain Could   not control fingers
1229: it make me feel less nervous
1230: sick in the begining
1231: Have been taking this medication for several years.  Due to the pinched nerve in my neck I was not able to sleep at night until I started taking this medication.
1232: It has relieved the neuropathy in my legs.  Used to walk with a cane, but no more.  Feel fine.
1233: DOES THIS DRUG MAKE YOU FALL ASLEEP
1234: I FEEL HIGH,SLERED SPEECH,DIZZINESS,BUT IT WORKS ON PAIM,I HAVE DIABETIC NEUROPATHY.
1235: I am on this drug and also morphine. I find that the Gabapentin works better than the morphine. I only take the morphine at bed time as it makes me sleepy
1236: anal incontince - cannot hold bowel movement
1237: It does help with my nerve pain but if I take anymore than 2100 I get the serious side effects. I am still in alot of pain and I have been like this for 12 years
1238: OK, but it hasn't helped my headaches.
1239: Taking it twice a day (300mg) ea for stenosis for ca 3yrs. No more pain to speak of after extreme pain in lower back. No side effects noticed.
1240: want to know side effects.
1241: I just started it a few days ago. It isn't as effective as the last time I tried it but I was taking a higher dose last time. I am currently taking 400mg. But I think I'll need a higher dose. I don't notice too many side effects from this medication. No headaches, nausea, etc. Waiting to see the doctor and have it raised to a higher dosage. Please note it may take some people one to two weeks to work for them.
1242: This drug releaves pain in arm and fingers from damaged nerves.
1243: STILL HAVE PAIN
1244: My Dr give it to me for my back pain. Does not help. I get bad side effect when I tried to get off.
1245: Turns out this med was too strong for me. I experienced light-headedness, felt faint, and confusion at times. I was taking this med before bed so I didn't realize the true side effects until I took the med 2 hours before bedtime.  I asked to be taken off.
1246: I have a herinated disc L4/L5 Pain going down right leg with numbness in calf   , foot into the toes. My PCP sent me to a Neuroligist who put me on this drug for app. 2 months now. The pain has abated, the only exercise i'm allowed to do is swim. No thing that causes me to feel pain or numbness is allowed. So far this has been very sucessful for me.
1247: foggy thinking memory loss, causes weight gain.  Pain relief not enough to offset the side effects.  Generic for Lyrica.  Tried lyrica as well neither helped enough to continue taking.
1248: Dr. prescribed Gaba for lower back pain. Have been taking for over 2 months and have seen some relief. I'm having a spinal fusion operation in a week so have been in alot of pain. I'm sure I'd have much more pain if not for taking Gaba. Also helps with sleeping which is a huge relief. I sometimes have leg tremors, but they don't stay around long. Definatley have short term memory loss for certain things which can be frustrating but still worth taking Gaba for me. I don't have to rely on nacartic (sp) drugs to get me thru before surgery which is good because I'm sure I'm gonna need them after surgery! Read More Read Less
1249: I have severe anxiety/panic attacks. Is this safe and will it make it worse or better?
1250: I just got this prescribed today for trigeminal neuralgia, but after reading these reviews I am scared to try it. I'm already always tired and moody from the terrific pain. If I take it and it makes me worse I am quitting it right away so thanks to you all.
1251: I take this med off-label for insomnia/anxiety, 300 to 600mg at bedtime. I find that I need the full 600mg in order to feel the sedation intended, but at the 600mg, this med truly works wonders for me.
1252: Gabapentin was not effective for neuropathy due to sciatica impingement. Only brand name lyrica or  the authorized generic for lyrica works for me. Even pregabalin (generic for Lyrica has not worked) Gabapentin side effects made me very hostile and angry, it didn't do anything to help my neuropathy
1253: I have only been on this medication for four months, but it took two weeks to start working.  I am satisfied with the results but hope I will only need it until I recover from my spinal surgery.
1254: when taken as directed it  calms down the pain in my legs. I have experienced dizziness and vertigo but it does not last long.My last dose is at bedtime but it does not last through the night and in the morning my arms and neck hurt considerably.
1255: I am prescribed this drug for anxiety by my Psych doctor. So far so good. It only makes me a little drowsy but controls my anxiety. It's also helping the fibro pain and mental fatigue.
1256: I have never felt so relaxed and rested in the morning!  I have a restful sleep and wake up with no side effects.
1257: I'm taking 3600mg a day for severe lower back pain w/ raditaion down my legs. i t has helped somwhat, also taking two 7.5/325 percocet when pain is unbearable. Side affects are livable but concentration is poor and coordiation is much less than I would like. I also get cold sweats alot slight weight gain.
1258: SPIRAL STEROSIS,ARTHRITIS,DEGENERRAED DIS.
1259: just started medicine
1260: My legs & feet quite hurting,when i lay down... now My feet feel like they are always asleep...is that normal?
1261: Had abdominoplasty and given gabapentin for nerve pain. I will take 300mg 3x daily for 14 days. It’s been a blessing. Not one side effect. Thankfully.
1262: Slight fatigue.  Able to tell when the pill is waring off and in need of further medication.
1263: I just started taking it but I see a big difference in my pain already. I'm not watching the clock to see when I can take my meds next for the 1st time in months.  It has also decreased the my hot flashes substantially.
1264: tapered up from 100mg at bedtime to 300mg at bedtime over 2months helped me to sleep and relieved neropathy in feet but out of the blue severe joint and nerve pain in hands could not grasp even a doorknob prepare cooking tapered off over 3-4 nights symptoms continued for another week even though off med finally though some joint pain in fingers have found relief from symptoms am sure these symptoms caused by neurontin as only new med started scary symptoms
1265: i have been on this med for two years it does not work for my pain i take 600 mg.five times a day.
1266: I have been taking this for a little over a month for back and neck pain. It has had some effect, but not what I hoped for. It does make me sleepy and sometimes dizzy when I get up from sitting or laying down.
1267: Started off with 1200mg, 1 at breakfast, 1 lunch, and 2 at night. Been on it for 4 days now. Although I feel a little better I am still in alot of pain. I take Oxycodone to get some relief but am reduced to planning my days and household chores around my meds. Tired all the time and always have a headache. I am starting to get some sleep now, but still wake up due to terrible pain and remain awake till Oxycodone works enough to go back to sleep. Overall I have some improvement but so far just another pill I have to take and it makes me so sleepy all the time.Read More Read Less
1268: Upon taking the first capsule at bedtime, it carried over to the next day.  I was slurring my words, sleepy and felt confused.
1269: Is this med.addicting?
1270: Started taking 600mg of Gabapentin 6 years ago after a massive cancer surgery. They cut open my entire abdomen from the top to my groin, something like 80 staples. I am in constant pain from the the surgery, feels like I have chicken wire inside. The Gabapentin helps but my memory is terrible. Very interesting to hear how many people say the same thing about memory loss.
1271: I gave a review during my first day taking Gabapentin and I wanted to do a follow-up after having been on it for almost 2 months now.  I have almost no pain in my back any longer.  I never know from dose to dose what my reaction to ths drug will be. One time I might be sleepy, next time I'm unbalanced and dizzy feeling, another dose I can feel hyper like I'm bouncing off the walls - extremely talkative (family says I won't shut-up). Thse symptoms usually hit about 2 hours after each dose. I do have some short-term memory problems that can be associated with taking this medication, but its mild and not bethersome as of now to me.  My doctor started me on a low doseage of 300 mg. per day, but I was not remebering the 2nd dose so he cut me back to 200 mg a day and I still get the same relief.  I told my family to keep track of my behaviors since I know from others on this medication that memory problems can worsen and to let me know if they see any serious changes in my behaviors so I can notify my doctor. Right now as I'm writing this, I feel sleepy, off balanced, slightly dizzy, and for once not talkative -I feel very mellowed out.Read More Read Less
1272: I take two taclets oer day,,,sometimes three...due to my MS.  They are 600mg tabs, so most of the time I take only two.
1273: I suffer from neuropathy making unable to stand or walk.  This medicine allows me a comfortable lifestyle.
1274: peripheral neuropathy 3 yrs.  Not diabetic. I do have Lupus but the Drs. say no connection.
1275: I have fibromyalgia and was first prescribed this drug in 2001. I have been taking 1600mg/day with some significant gaps in treatment since then. Every time I go off of it, I find the pain and general malaise to become unbearable. I do not know the exact nature of its psychiatric benefits, but I have also noted that the depression, anxiety, and suicidal ideation that are co-morbid with this condition increase dramatically as well when I am not taking it. This medication is not really something to take lightly. It's not supposed to be addictive in any way, but anyone who has fibromyalgia or similar mental conditions will understand when I say that it is a difficult drug to stop taking by weaning off or especially cold turkey. The reason I give the drug only 3 stars as far as ease of use is concerned is that the generic form without the enteric coating is pretty harsh on the stomach. It worsens acid reflux, so I always take it right before a meal and space it out with my omeprazole (prilosec) even though it doesn't contain aluminum or magnesium. For some reason this seems to work better than taking it after one as far as its effectiveness is concerned. Overall, I am very satisfied with this drug since it prevents me from having to take regular high doses of NSAIDs just to function. And after the first couple weeks of taking it, I never had any problems with the drowsiness others report. I just wish the psychiatric mechanisms were more understood as I do believe it helps regulate mood. It did not greatly surprise me to find out it was used as a treatment for bi-polar
1276: I have been on this medication for back pain. After being on it for about two years I started to get severe headaches, almost like migraines. Trying to get off this gabapentin is proving to be difficult. Reducing the dose to 800Mg three times a day is about the most I can go, but I still get headaches. We are trying to switch over to a different medication for the back pain without the headaches.
1277: Prescribed low dose for fibromyalgia. Helps with the pain and is good for the insomnia. I only take it at night though since it is pretty sedating.
1278: Perscribed to ease pain of shingles. Completley ineffective and did not ease pain at all.
1279: Been on 6 capsules/100 mg ea for 3 yrs.for occipital nerve pain,that causes severe headaches, after c3 thru c7 neck surgery. Headaches starting to get worse but was told that over time medicine becomes uneffective.
1280: After reading these reviews, I now know what I've been going through is from this medicine! I started slowly with a 300 mg dose - and went up to 600 slowly.  I've been experiencing chills, and flu like symptoms, vision problems, difficulty breathing, horrible fatigue, fear, and difficulty thinking clearly.  I thought I had a bad virus!  I have had stomach aches, and migraines, been completely unable to stay awake, and now I find that it can cause damage to the kidneys!  WoW, thanks doc!  I'm coming off this mess as soon as possible.  I have fibro and so far cannot tolerate any of the meds.  Man, this stuff is terrible!  If you are like me and have depression or anxiety - beware of this!!!!  Read More Read Less
1281: Diagnosed with Brachioradial pruritus. After 15 months and 5 doctors, I have found some relief with this medication in just 3 weeks. Only 300mg at bedtime and it helps me to sleep through the night. It is prescribed 3x daily, but the one pill seems to be longer lasting for me.  Since I drive a school bus I don't take it during the day.(afraid of the side effects) I am even using less of my  Lidocaine patches during the day, which has been my only relief for the last 3 months. My symptoms are severe itching, which the patches numb. Still hopeful and testing to see if there is a reason for this condition and that it can be fixed.   Read More Read Less
1282: i was given this medication to help relieve the pain of fibromyalgia and it has not helped at all.  as a matter of fact is has a reverse effect on me where i have terrible thoughts and feelings and wish my doctor never put me on it. Fortunately i have an appt tmrw with a clinical nurse who is also able to prescribe medicine and i hope she takes me off of the cymbalt and the neurotin aka as gabapentin.  i have stage 4 of 4 of cirrochis and the cymbalta should have never been prescribed to me.  my only advise to anyone is to be your own doctor and look things up until you are satisfied.  good luck to anyone reading  Read More Read Less
1283: excessive etching from dialysis
1284: I have diabetic neuropathy in my feet and the back of my legs.I have been on it for 2 days and the burning,tingling,pins and neeedles pain has disappeared. I am so greatfull!!!! I can sleep now too.
1285: About 1 hour after taking a 100mg. in AM, i am so sleepy, tired, fatigued I can hardly move!  I am NOT GOOD the rest of the day....I have QUIT taking.  I am NOT going through the rest of my life feeling like this.  I want to be AWAKE to see what is going on!  Also, one night had terrifying thoughts and weird stuff going on in my head/brain when I took the 100mg. at bedtime.  Told the neurologist.  He said:"IT'S NOT THE MEDICATION!...take 3 a day, take 3 a day, take 3 a day!"  he would NOT listen to anything I had to say.  He's fired!  I am NOT returning to HIM!Read More Read Less
1286: Taking this med for scar tissue growing around a nerve in groin post hernia repair surgery.  This nerve has been bugging me for years, finally got to the point where sitting was uncomfortable, let alone exercising or working.  I have only taken 2 doses, and thus far I am extremely satisfied.  I have been able to throw a toy and run with my dog for the first time in months and feel great.  It has increased my mobility.  Has caused some drowsiness but not enough to bother me too much.  24 year old female, average weight.Read More Read Less
1287: I have been taking this drug for the past 15 years and it is a life saver. I originally was given this for bipolar and PTSD symptoms but recently my general practitioner gave it to me for severe pain caused by two herniated discs in my neck. I love it!!!
1288: was given this med. as treatment for chronic migraines/back pain caused by pinched nerve started at 300mg 3 x aday when complained that , pain was getting worse dose was icreased, to 600mg x3 aday Dr. said i needed to be on med for 8 weeks ended up in ER, Side effects were increased Migraine, Back acke, Joint pain, Soars, Hair Loss , unable to stand in shower ALL these Symptoms WERE IGNORED by treating DOC, Dose was increased 900mg x 3 aday, to point was unable to even Stand, dizziness, always falling to the left, not able to shower loss of hair was 3x the Normal,uncommon body odor, vaginal odor, Finger nails turned brittle broken,memory loss, uncontrolable PAIN , ended in ER trips 5 times in 40 days Read More Read Less
1289: After 2 months on this medication (300 mg) I am experiencing ALL of the "Side Effects" listed on my bottle; Mood Changes, SADNESS, Depression AND Fear. I take Prozac for my depression, and this drug does help the arthritis in my hands, neck, etc., but I don't think it's good for my overall state of fighting my depression.  I have had many more suicidal thoughts in the last 2 months, than I have ever had in my life.  I am 55 years old, and have been fighting depression for most of my life.
1290: It has saved my life...no more burning mouth syndrome, PTSD, anxiety, tremors, bad-dreams, insomnia, arthritis pain, osteo-pain, head aches, etc.  This drug makes me feel happy all the time.  I am never sad, never think negative, just positive.  I am 66, I just can't believe the pain I have suffered all my life...to now have none...I am just scared...it won't last.  I just love everything & everybody...could it be this good for you...I don't know, I am just loving it!  I never want to stop it.  I am telling you the truth right from my happy heart.  I wish everyone in the world could feel the way I do everyday.  Thank you to who made this drug...thank you to my Doctor for helping me...by prescribing this drug to me.Read More Read Less
1291: Horrible drug.  Will NEVER take this again.  Dizziness, feel like a zombie!
1292: make me very sleepy
1293: I just started this med three days ago.  I have been in severe pain for about 10 years due to Lupus, Fibromyalgia, Restless Leg and various other conditions associated with Fibro.    The pain is completely gone, I have slept 12+ hours the past 3 nights which is something I haven't done for years.  I've been lucky if I slept for 3 to 4 hours.    The only problem I am having from this medication is extreme drowsiness.  I feel drugged all the time.  I am taking 300mg, 3 times a day, I will be talking to my doctor about lowering the dosage.  I am very happy the pain is gone and I am sleeping, but I want to be able to function normally
1294: I HAVE A PAIN IN MY FEET FOR YEARS. THANK GOD FOR GABAPENTIN IT HAS HELPED ME A LOT  PAINIS ALMOST GONE,I HAVE ONLY BEEN TAKING FOR 2 WEEKS
1295: my husban is using this pill he sleeps alot and we r not able 2 have alone time
1296: it help my foot pain somewhat but not all the way
1297: Gabapentin 600mg 3x/day, has been highly effective for me. The worst of my pain is gone... Not all, but most. It works where other meds have failed. In fact, I noticed an improvement after the first week. Some sides: dry mouth, sleeplessness, slight tremor (at first.) Well worth the few sides, though. After 6 hours Gab starts to fade, and If I miss a dose I'm hurting.
1298: The problem for me is I am gaining weight dispite my efforts to lose weight. I am 5'4" and now weigh 153 I use to weigh 140-145 what can I do?
1299: I am taking this medication for nerve pain associated with migraines following near-fatal car accident. It took 10 years of treatment to finally get this medication. My experience has been fantastic. I am mostly migraine free with this medication. I thank the manufacturer!
1300: I have been on an increasing dose (started at 300mgs tid, and I am now up to 800mgs tid). I still have no relief from my pain and neuropathy.
1301: Gabapentin has reduced my nerve pain in hands,wrists and fingers by halve. I am at 1800mg per day now and my doctor says to go to 2700mg. I have been in pain two months. At least gabapentin has helped.
1302: I have osteoarthritis in my cervical spine a.k.a. degenerative disc disease. I was diagnosed in September 2013 after seeing my doctor for extreme pain in my neck that radiated across the top of my shoulders and down into my shoulder blades with every move I made, and that included breathing. I also had tingling and numbness down the back side of both arms and into my pinky, ring, and pointer fingers that started 6 months prior to the pain and gradually became worse. I was prescribed 75mg of Amitriptylin at bedtime. Although it worked great for the pain, I felt like a zombie unable to think straight. The fatigue and uncontrollable sugar cravings added another 55lb to the 25 that I already had, and didn't need. February 2014 a new doctor prescribed Gabapentin as an alternative, starting with 300mg nightly for the first week then 600mg after that as I tapered off the Amitriptylin. It was like a fog had been lifted from my brain, my energy level went up, and no more sugar cravings. Unfortunately after 6 months at 600mg, I've had to lower the dose back to 300mg because I've developed mild, but unwanted side effects like irritability, anxiety and weird feelings of worthlessness and self-doubt, definitely not my normal personality. My doctor also added 10mg of Amitriptylin back into the mix to hopefully offset any remaining side effects and possible increase in pain at the lower dose. I lowered the Gabapentin by 100mg every 6 days, and have now been at 300mg for the past 15. So far the Gabapentin side effects have disappeared, BUT now I have Amitriptylin side effects again, although not as severe. So I've decided to try taking the 10mg of Amitriptylin every other night to see what happens. It doesn't come in 5mg tabs and the 10mg tabs aren't scored, so it's impossible to do halves. My hope is that the 300mg of Gabapentin will be enough to hold off the pain with no side effects on less Amitriptylin. If that works, I'll then try doing away with the Amitriptylin altogether.Read More Read Less
1303: I take it for my arthritis. Anyone else?
1304: I have chills right after taking a dose, vision is blurred and my pain is not alleviated taking this medicine, i take three capsules, 300mgs three times a day, seems like when i try to go to sleep the nerve pain in my left leg increases, works partially when i am asleep and up and moving
1305: The only effect that I could see was weight gain... I added 10 lbs.in 10 days with no pain relief whatsoever.  I also tried Lyrica and experienced the same results.  Now not only do I still have the pain, I had 20+ extra pounds that I can not lose because the pain keeps me from any exercise.  the funny part was, my neurologist assured me there would be no weight gain!
1306: I was prescribed this for shingles pain. I only took it for about six weeks. The pained lessened, but I became extremely mentally unstable--uncontrollable crying, suicidal thoughts, etc. It's been months since I last took it, but I've never been the same. It seems to have permanently changed my personality and thought patterns. I've lost months of income because of this stuff. It's a devil drug.
1307: I was in a car accident where one of my injuries was a shattered left arm and a dislocated left shoulder resulting in nerve damage from the shoulder down. I have been satisfied with the results for the nerve pain over the last 9.5 months, however the side effects bother me because I am usually quick witted and this has numbed my response time and ability to get a thought from my brain to my mouth. A weird effect is that I use synonyms that do not fit the sentence such as "eyecups" instead of "eyeglasses". It also makes me sleep longer. Before the accident I sleep 4-6 hours a night and was energetic as long as I was interested, now I sleep 8-14 hours a day and feel groggy and foggy most of the time. Also my short term memory is a lot worse than before.    My doctor and I adjusted my dosage from 1800mg to 1200mg a day which is the least amount I can get by with since about an hour before a dose is due I get more tingling in my hand. My arm and hand does not respond as quickly or assured as before.    I am overall satisfied however my job “tech support” requires me to talk to people and trying to get the right word out and cannot makes me feel like the person on the other end of the call is not confident in my ability to help them.Read More Read Less
1308: The Dr. thinks I have neuropathic pain from having so many surgeries in my back and abdomen area.  However they have decided to use this med instead of the normal narcotics that usually work.  They started me on 900mg a day and now up to 1800mg a day.  I am not feeling any relief and I am so tired, which isn't normal for me.  I am grateful that they are conscientious about the ill effects of narcotics but if no other med works then use the one that does.  I will continue this medication at the 1800mg level for a short time and if it still isn't working I am stoppin it!~Read More Read Less
1309: Prescribed after hip revision surgery along with Cymbalta, Oxycodone, sulindac. Stopped this and oxydodone after a week. seemed to cause drowsiness, noticed little or no benefit from it.
1310: just started useing it
1311: Not as effective as Lryica.  I suffer from acute Fibromyalgia.  Taking this medication three times daily, is a slightly challenging task for me.
1312: I first had pain in my legs now it is in my foot.  Hopefully it is trying to work its way out.  The medicine works sometimes but I have to take 2 600mgs at a time it seems to take a while to work thwn it runs out after three hours.  What else will work besides cutting my foot off????
1313: swelling of feet and ankles after 3 days of use
1314: I am having pain from ruputred disc, hip to foot. This drug has helped me I also take etodolac I think it may be the combination
1315: No relief what so ever after 3 weeks.  Pain is still as intense
1316: I was given this a an alternative for Fibromyalgia and the more expensive Lyrica. The first night I was fine from taking it. The second night, an hour after taking it I had severe swelling including tongue, eyes, throat and the rest of the body, breathing difficulties, palpatating heart, was confused, head ache and could not move well from joint pain.
1317: My teenager took Gabapentin to treat post-shingle pain.  It lessened the pain but not completely.  He felt very drowsy.  The doctor switched him to Amitriptyline which was more effective but posed other problems.  After stopping all medication, I noticed that he continues to have trouble concentrating and no longer enjoys reading even 5 weeks after discontinuing all drugs.  After reading comments from other reviewers, I'm wondering if this may be a lingering side-effect from Gabapentin since no one on the Amitryptiline site mentioned this sort of problem...  Has anyone experienced continued memory or concentration issues after stopping Gabapentin?Read More Read Less
1318: I was injured in a auto accident, which left me with severe sciatic nerve pain. I tried going to physical therapy and chiropractor, with only minimal results. I was taking this drug for Shingles and asked my Dr if I could take more of it for my sciatic nerve pain. I started out on 300mg three times a day. now I am on 600mg four times a day and I can walk without a can or walker. I am thrilled with the results.
1319: I have been taking 300 mg of Gabapentin every night for almost a year now for migraines. My migraines caused vertigo and the vertigo would cause vomiting. I could not move, or I would get violently sick. My ears would ring first and I had about 30 minutes to get somewhere to lay down before the vomiting started. They were diagnosed as vestibular migraines. For years I would have these episodes sporadically and then they became more frequent to every two weeks or so. I went to a headache specialist / neurologist and she prescribed the gabapentin and I take it at night (sure helps me sleep!) and so far I have not had an episode! Talk about a weight off my shoulders! I can go places without worrying about having an episode. It has been a life-saver for me!! I have not had any side-effects except maybe being a little moody when I first started taking it. That has gone away now
1320: it helps the pain but it causes me to gain weight rapidly for example i gained 4 pounds since last month and 2 pounds the month before last monrtth
1321: I had the side effects of slurring, dizziness and felt like I was drugged for two weeks and I only took the medicine for one week...NEVER AGAIN!!!!
1322: didnt touch pain been on it 31days
1323: Before taking this medication I was always overwhelmed by the pain and now I'm not it was s that simple.
1324: After 5yrs.of sleepless night,i sleep a lot better.
1325: Lessened the pain in my ankles due to neuropathy
1326: I experienced severe short term memory loss and inability to concentrate so I had to stop taking it.  It took about 2-3 weeks for my memory to get back to normal.
1327: I'm only up to a dose of 300mg once a day at bedtime, and go figure..; it's not working. However, that doesn't keep it from messing with my brain really well. I keep forgetting almost everything and I've had chest pain, eye pain, vision problems, lack of coordination, vertigo/dizziness, (like someone else said)trouble recalling words and even typing as fast simply because my brain doesn't register fast enough where my hands should go, muscle pain, same  neuralgia I already had  before starting, etc, etc, etc... And I'm 26 and think i may have had a heart attack 6 days ago; does anyone even know if Gaba can make you have a heart attack????????Read More Read Less
1328: drowiness
1329: I am taking this for fibro pain.  While I wouldn't say it has taken away all the pain, it has definitely helped.  Dr. prescribed this because I refused anti-depressents and he thought Lyrica had too many side effects.  I'm on a smaller dose.  Only 300mg 2x per day.  They said I can take more, but I'm trying alternative options first.  Would recommend this as being better than nothing.  Does cause some unbalancing and a feeling of disconnect.  I like that it leaves your system quickly once you stop taking it and that unlike Lyrica, it isn't known to cause harm to a fetus (and no, I'm not pregnant and will stop before I plan on being, just like to know).Read More Read Less
1330: This medication did no completely relieve my pain.  Had to take 200-400 grams of motrin to get a night's sleep.
1331: relieves back pain
1332: I'm receiving chemo therapy. The neuropathy hits me even before I leave the hospital and gets worse since the other half of my treatment is delivered via pump at home. I'm up to 600mg three times a day with minimal relief.
1333: I have been very tired and dizzy on this medication.  I am taking 100 mg six times per day for fybromialgia.
1334: Given for restless legs To many side effects
1335: The drug was prescribed to lessen fibromyalgia pain in both of my feet.  I cannot tell it had any effect.
1336: I have benn taking this med for several months now and have noticed a change in my moods. I have come to find out that this is a side effect. Hopefully this will change in time. I am going to give it a little more time and see what happens.
1337: I had suffered with back pain for a year or more and found out my scoliosis was causing nerve pain.  The gabapentin has taken care of that pain almost completely.  I now have my life back.
1338: i was proscribed Gabapentin for pain due to acute Pancreatitis, Nothing seems to help for those aliments i SUGGEST not using this med for pain
1339: minor relief from nerve pain in hands and feet caused by chemotherapy and drug use of oxyplatin
1340: After an auto accident I hanve nerve damage around my ribs (which were broken) and severe pain in my back. i have only taken 1 dose of this med and it made me feel awful. it seemed to help pain somewhat but I am so dizzy that I can't even walk, I feel like my heart is fluttering or skipping a beat. I spoke with doc and he said side effects should subside and to continue taking med. However I don't feel this drug is for me. I feel bad enough without having to deal with the side effects of this drug.Read More Read Less
1341: Started using gabapentin when price of lyrica went up. Am very satisfied with it.  I take 300 mg (from 150 mg of lyrica) four times daily.  It has completely stopped my diabetic neuropathy and numbness.  It also has haulted the neuropathy from spreading and getting worse.  I don't take a high dosage as some of you do but I have to say I was in miserable pain, unable to sleep, etc. and now I have no problems except an occasional (like twice monthly) bolt of lightening to go through the side of one foot.  That is very little compared to how it used to be.  I am so very thankful that gabapentin/lyrica exists.  It is an amazing drug with no side effects for me other than sleepiness the first three weeks of taking it.  I have been taking it (beginning with lyrica) for six or seven years.. starting when lyrica first came on the market.  No problems.  Only good things to say about it.Read More Read Less
1342: I am taking 1200mg for my anxiety and it really does the job well.
1343: need more information
1344: I take this medicine for leg cramps and pulsing in my legs. And I can now sleep again because it is gone.
1345: The brand name drug Neurontin worked wonderfully for my non-diabetic burning in my feet, but when the doctor prescribed the generic I was surprised that it did absolutely nothing. So surprised that I looked up the pill to see if I had received the correct one. I had. I'll have to make certain I get the brand name, next time.I had heard that on  occasion generics didn't work for some people. In this instance, I am one of them.
1346: dizziness and fatigue
1347: Have been taking this medication for extreme.pain from herniated and bulging discs in back and neck with a combination of Baclofen and Menazapril. I take it 3 times a day and I clearly know when it's time to take it because my pain starts creeping back. Worked fairly well at first, then as my condition worsened the dosage was increase and took much of my pain away. I am thrilled with Gabapentin so far :)
1348: Side effect of severe headaches & backaches. So svere, I had to stop taking gabapentin.
1349: Despite slight weight gain I can sleep for 8 hours a nigh, pain is reduced, tingling remains but is less bothersome; I can sleep for 8 hours at night for the first time in several years. using 2x 300mg 3 times a day, started with 1 x 300mg 3 times but find better effectiveness with increased doseage.neck , shoulder and arm issues remain but pain is controlled and I'm not turned into a zombie  with gaba
1350: I was prescribed the lowest dose of 100mg and it was way to strong.  I still wanted to try the drug so I had it compounded to a 25 mg capsule and that's more like it.  From what I can see everyone on all of the reviews are taking large doses no wonder no one likes it.  I am having the usual heavy head feeling but after one dose my back pain was less the next day.  I am going to continue and hope preliminary side effects will go away.  If they don't I will wean and stop the medication.
1351: I am 33 years old, at the age of 14 I was brought to children's hospital in Boston, & diagnosed w/ Colitis disease in my small intestine…I was there for 4 years until I was an adult and able to change hospitals. They had me on so many pain meds, different anti-flare up meds, etc. It was awful. I had a colostomy bag on and off for 6 months here and there. When I turned 18 my mom who is a Nurse practitioner, worked at Boston Medical Center in Pre-Op. she recommended I come to BMC because the BEST G.I. Doctor, and best G.I. Surgeon worked there. This is extremely true because they had records and letters of documentation, and were in magazines of best doctors in the country. So long story short. I was on so much pain meds from Children's Hospital. Plus I was also on a medication called FLAGYL which is an anti-flare up medication. I was taking it orally for two years prior. When I went for an evaluation at BMC, they found a hernia growing behind my stoma. I couldn’t feel it due to all the pain meds. They had me stay and had to do emergency surgery the next morning…as soon as they put the iv’s in, getting ready to do the surgery they put the anti-flare up medication FLAGYL Intravenously through the IV and my thighs all the way down my legs to my feet went NUMB. I couldn’t feel anything from my thighs down. They immediately called down a Neurologist and come to find out I had an allergic reaction to the FLAGYL. After the surgery the surgeon had to move the colostomy bad from the right side of my stomach to the left due to the hernia that was growing behind my stoma. They told me it was almost an 11 hour surgery due to many complications from Children’s hospital. Mind you, they also told me not only did I have hernia, they had to move my colostomy bag, I had an allergic reaction to the FLAGYL, and Children's hospital MISDIAGNOSED ME. I NEVER HAD COLITIS….I HAD CHRONS DISEASE THE ENTIRE TIME- ALL THOSE YEARS SINCE I WAS 14!  And on top of it. I have neuropathy. I couldn’t and still to this day, from the age of 18 and now I’m 33 can NOT feel anything like I said from my thighs down to my feel. I was on every single medication for nerve damage. NOTHING WORKED. I DID NOT want to be on pain meds my whole life and depend and get addicted to them. I had and still to this day have a great neurologist out of Bmc. He is one of the top best ones there who also knows how to do EMG’s on patients. I am on a wicked high dose. 600mg Tablet; take 2 tablets (1200mg) by mouth 3x a day. You cannot take more than 4000mg a day or it will not go through your liver. So it’s basically a waste. I had to go off of them for 8 days and my legs weren’t numb anymore they actually started to HURT badly. Fortunately I got back on them. My doctor did put me on Lyrica as well as being on the gabapentin but a low dose. I got off them because they didn’t help. So still to this day I get EMG’s every 6 months and still take my prescription of Gabapentin everyday. It really helps a lot and I have had so many surgeries in my stomach due to all the complications when I was younger, unfortunately I have nerve damage in my back. I am soon due for 2 MRI’s soon one in my Upper And lower back. Due to my neuropathy I do trip a lot because I can’t feel my feet and do have to sleep with a heating pad due to the pain in my lower back. I am nervous about the outcome of
The MRIS but I just have to Pray for the best and hope it’s not some other crazy complication. But in all honesty the GABAPENTIN HAS HELPED ME
TREMENDOUSLY BEYOND WORDS
1352: I was prescribed this med to help with sleepless nights due to post-menopausal hot flashes.  Does anyone else out there use it for this?
1353: pain still there.
1354: Originally I thought the medication was not working. After about six months I was determined to ask my doctor to increase the dosage. However, when I forgot to take it with me on vacation for 7 days, I noticed that the pain was extremely worse and that is when I realized how much it was actually working compared to not taking it at all. My only disatisfaction is with the weight gain. I actually gained 15 pounds in 2 months without any changed in diet. Since the back pain is better, I can now start to move more and hope to get the weight off.Read More Read Less
1355: I had just started taking this medication as of yesterday.  Took 1st dose before bed and woke up dizzy and had a real uneasy feeling for the first part of the day. Somewhat dizzy as well as light headed.  I did not like feeling that way at all.  Hoping that wears off the more I take it.    Had foot surgery March 31, for plantar facitis (?). Tendon was cut, pain from it is completely gone. Suffering with heel pain since surgery. Doctor is trying this medication to see if it helps with the pain.  As of today, no relief. :(Read More Read Less
1356: Is there anyone taking Gabapentin that is dietbetic an is taking this med for nerve pain , and has high blood sugar from it.I do and i take 3 times aday 400 mg.Besides I have gained 17 lbs in only two months.
1357: I use this for sleep, tryed trazadone but gabapentin seems to work all night.
1358: Just been on it a few days now but my pain has almost gone. I can brush my teeth without pain.
1359: Although it has eased the pain in my side, back, and leg it hasnt completely taken it away. I am so tired all the time I find it hard to keep my eyes open and when I can I feel like a Zombie.
1360: My dr started me out on 300mg 2xs a day and I am now up to 800mg 3xs a day and still not feeling any relief. My arm is in extreme pain and I just took one an hour ago. This medication gives me extreme diarrhea everyday! It is highly addictive also. I would now rather take one of these instead of percocet as I am at least able to function at work without anyone knowing I've taken something. Have apt for Epidural/steroid injection this week so hopefully that works.
1361: Myankles and feet swell during the night while I am sleeping and it is very uncomfortable. Is this one of the side effects of the oral medicine.?
1362: 800 mg four times a day has gotten me off oxycontin that I used to need to manage severe chronic neck pain from MVA in 1993. gabapentin has made me employable and improved my quality of life! I've been using it now for six years. It is simply the BEST for nerve pain controll!
1363: Been taking this for 6 years, still in pain like I was 340 lbs.for those whowithout it. I'm a big guy 6'2" and I need either a larger dose, or something different.
1364: I was diagnose with Trigeminal Neuralgia, that was a nasty little surprise for me.I have found that I have to eat with this drug to maintain a level of comfort that  is good for me. I would like to be drug free and pain free, soon.
1365: has anyone had any problems with sore throat tongh, and face swollen, the thoat is like spasams,
1366: i was having nerve pain after a operation what a relife
1367: I got up one day and fell to the ground.  After that I could hardly walk, now I have degenerative disc disease with still other stuff going on in my back that we R working on.  First they gave me 300mg and it didn't work at all, I phoned the office & they immediately upped it to 600mg and now I have  no problem walking at all.  I was on a two weekend trip and forgot this pill.  1st day was ok but legs started bothering me, second day couldn't walk at all without assistance, got home around 6pm took meds and by midnight could at least hobble to bathroom, next day back on regular schedule, but was walking fine before took the pills just cuz had taken them night before.  So for my condition, they are a lifesaver.  If your Dr prescribes them, I certainly would give them a shot cuz it was like a miracle drug for me.  Will never forget to take them with me again.Read More Read Less
1368: still hurting in all my joints arms, legs & feet.   also in my shoulders and lower back and hips
1369: I can not function or even leave the house without taking my neurontin. only thing is i find myself taking it double sum times cause of the mad waring off. BUT OTHER THEN THAT I LOVE IT...i suffer from bipoler and nerve damage and it helps both problems.
1370: I had back surgery due to broken back and now have rods holding spine in place. I suffer from sever pain in the back and down both legs. I was unable to sleep due to the leg pains at night. Although I have only been on this med for 2 weeks so far I can now sleep at night and have less leg pain. No side effects so far but like I said I have been on it for a short time. I hope it keeps doing what it is doing and I do not have any side effects. It's nice to be able to sleep for a change and not have so much pain in my legs.Read More Read Less
1371: I have chronic migraines and also have nerve damage from hernia surgeries in my right lower abdomen/groin/upper leg. After trying several medications, spinal injections and numerous visits to the ER, I found a Neurologist that prescribed Gabapentin 600mg three times a day. It was a bit much for me weighing in at 125lbs so I cut back to 600mg two times a day and doing marvelous! No weight gain issues at all. I previously took Elavil and gained 35lbs. I have been on the Gabapentin now since July 2014, sometimes needing to take that extra dose but still between 125 -130lbs. I have two other family members that are using this drug for different reason and doing well on it
1372: 1st 3 days slept like a log next 2 days couldn't sleep at all almost gave up got discouraged kept with it though.Pain almost all gone in feet,legs and back. Have diabetes, heart disease, epilepsy.Had to adjust several medicines (lisinopril)seemed to make me sleepier and pretty much goofier if taken too close to this medicine. But it is worth hanging in there as long as the bad reactions go away in a short while. Also take byetta 2 times daily and lantus once at night for type 2 diabetes. No other diabetes meds. B/P med seem to be ok taken near this medicine.         Read More Read Less
1373: I have numerous drug allergies and additional health problems.  I started out at 100 mg per day for five days to increase to 100 mg twice day and eventually 300 mg per day.  Once I began two doses per day, I experienced increased burning pain which involved the waist down to my feet, increased cardiac arterial spasms to where I thought I was going to have to call 911, and severe stomach pain.  I have weaned myself off this medication.  I have always had the problem with medications sometimes having the opposite effect of what they are supposed to do.Read More Read Less
1374: This medication gives me the ability to work and helps with my depression.
1375: Bogus medication, in taking 4 to 6 thousand mg a day for six weeks, there was never the slightest relief.
1376: I have fibromylgia, COPD, chronic fatigue - a laundry list of medical problems and way too many meds.  This drug was prescribed for muscle pain and though it was somewhat effective I think I have experienced some disturbing side effects.  I feel more compulsive about everything, more problems sleeping than I normally have, bottomed out on vitamin B and D, large purple skin marks, more memory loss than usual, gas and inability to focus.  Whether this is due solely to this med or in combination with another, I don't know.  Anyone else having these problems?   Read More Read Less
1377: I thought this medication was great while I was on it. Others that I knew was on it said they felt like a zombie. I had not notice.  I was on this pill because I was diagnosed with peripheral neuropathy. I was on this for almost 2 years. Until my memory got worse.  Please when you take this medication know that memory loss is a side effect. It had progressively got worse. To the point where I would forget what I was doing within 5 minutes.  I had stopped taking the medication on my own and after 2 months I finally regained some of my memory. Although it may have stopped the pain from my nerves - it caused pain emotionally. Also, I never thought it was causing weight gain - but it was too. I was completely oblivious of what the medication was doing to me. Please just be careful
1378: I take 3-100 MG's of Gabapentin at bedtime for Restless Leg Syndrone. I now sleep for 8 hours most nights.  I sometimes experience some dizziness when first stand up.
1379: Right upper abdominal and right flank severe skin pain even with light touch after herpes zoster lesion on lower back, right of midline. Didn't know what it was. Thought was liver disease, even tho nondrinker. Seven weeks on gabapentin 300 mg 3x/day (900 mg/day) works very well, but moderate-severe drowsiness at times, and hard to get out of bed in a.m., even tho am a "morning person"!  Eating is well controlled and not rampant; eaters should get plenty of exercise!  Sexual side effects: partial numbness, delayed climax.Read More Read Less
1380: Swollen ankles and feet at week 3.  It's a shame because my pain and migraines were getting better.  Lyrica cause the same side effect.
1381: EXPERIENCED FALLING,DIZZINESS,NERVOUSNESS
1382: Horrible side effects. Heavy chest and breathing. Can't walk a straight line. Like living in hell. Hope I can get off this garbage. Research the drug before taking. Was given this for anxiety and depression.
1383: I take 1800 mg for anxiety and it has worked very well.  I transitioned from effexor XR to this med as a alternative treatment.  I do not have any side effects from the medicine the only thing I find is that I have to half the pills in order to swallow them, they are very chaulky like.
1384: I HAVE USED THIS DRUG FOR SOMETIME NOW. I HAVE A TUMOR ON THE SPINAL CORD AND ALOT OF NERVE PAIN.
1385: I’ve been on Gabapentin for several months, using for fibromyalgia and also for neuropathy in my feet.  I started with a low dose, 100mg 3x daily, but was increased to 300mg 3x daily as the nerve pain became worse. Currently I am satisfied with the results and have no bad side effects.
1386: tremors,fibromyalgia,diabetic neuropathy,withdrawals from previous prescribed pain meds(such as seizures,jerking,muscle spasms) so doc was treating all of these symptoms without taking so many other meds.
1387: so far, so good, Now entering my third week.
1388: 600 to 1200 mg prescribed daily for insomnia.  I also have sleep apnea and use a CPAP machine.  It did help me sleep.  Just changed docs and new doc was amazed I was taking Gabapentin as it surpresses breathing and for sure you don't want to surpress breathing in a sleep apnea patient!
1389: I have nerve damage in my arm, the one I use for everything. Have been on this Rx for 6 weeks now. Seeing the Orthopedic Dr. in 2 days. She has me up to 3600mg/daily and it scares me to death! Dizziness can come on any moment and so much for causing drowsiness....absolutely the opposite! I'm wide awake until 3-4-5-6 am and back awake by 8-9am! I'll never heal if I can't sleep!All these complaints would be slightly tolerable, but my pain is only getting worse!
1390: Left sided sciatica, started in back, moved down left leg: butt, hip, hamstring, knee, calf, ankle, foot. Was taking 600mg ibuprofen 2-3x/day. Waited 2.5 months to see the neurologist, prescribed gabapentin 100mg capsule bedtime x1week, increase to 200mg x1week, then 300mg. Relief most of the next day, took 400mg ibuprofen at 3pm to finish the day. Started taking gabapentin 100mg twice a day a few days ago. Pain is tolerable. Will start 200mg tonight. Started PT 2 days ago, gave me a wrap around back supporter. Pain is very positional/postural depending on angle of body. I am glad to have this medication and be done with ibuprofen. I also have been seeing my chiropractor 2x/week. May start that again in July after returning from vacation.Read More Read Less
1391: I have not experienced a dramatic decrease in burning sensation on mid/lower chest area and upper right back area.  In addition, my blood pressure has increased since beginning this medication approximately 15 weeks ago.
1392: I just started taking GABA for bi-polar disorder.  I also take cymbalta for depression.  Not sure how it will turn out (2nd dose tonight), but am concerned with the weight gain issue and the seemingly addictive qualities for people trying to wean off the drug....I hope it works, but added weight gain will only make me really depressed!
1393: Diarrhea and feeling sick(vomiting)
1394: Been taking this drug for 2 months. Although the pain is greatly reducted, I am swollen all over. My feet will not fit in my shoes. And My blood pressure is going much higher. I used to be low BP. I feel better but can not walk for the swollen feet. Anyone else have this problem?
1395: I HAD LOTS OF LEG PAIN  COULDNT STAND OR WALK.WORK PT TIME 4HRS .I HAD TO GO HOME FROM WORK BECAUSE PAIN WAS SO SEVERE.DR. PUT ME ON THIS HAS REALLY HELPED NO PAIN.VERY PLEASED WITH THIS MEDICINE
1396: I've started taking this for fibromyalgia I've had no side effects whatever and I've noticed a big improvement on my pain,tiredness and muscle weakness despite having a bad viral infecton and bad asthma during this time! Every 3 days I increase my doze 1 pill at a time I'm on 3pills 3 times a day doc says I can go up to a max of 6 pills 3 times a day if I need to! Hope this info helps you :) uk, Scotland
1397: I have a ruptured disc.  The pain was terrible.  Dr put me on this and it has helped greatly.  I have other nerve issues that it is also helping with.  Good medication for me.
1398: I have been taking this med. for nerve pain in legs and back from stenosis and spondylolisthesis in lumbar region. Surgery is in my future, but in the meantime it has definately helped with leg pain.  I have had no side effects from using this med.
1399: my ONLY bad experience comes from the fact that my doctor is very lax in calling in new prescriptions every 3 months.  Usually I go from 4-9 days without medication once every 3 months.    THe medication is excellent for Neuropathic pain and I would reccomend it.    I take 2 300 mg capsules 3 times per day.
1400: Caused swelling in my face and dizziness. Did seem to help nerve pain, but had to keep increasing dose.
1401: I take large amounts to treat severe migraines.  It has helped moderately to reduce severity with the pain but also has just about eradicated all the flashing lights & loss of vision. The 'fuzzy' head feeling is a little better but I continue with the 5 day headaches during my period, mid cycles & air pressure changes.
1402: i've had a herniated disc for several months, causing moderate to severe pain down one or both of my legs.  i went from Tylenol 3, which did little, to MS Contin, which was the only medication that most satisfied my pain.  my neurologist took me off of MS Contin and put me on Gabapentin 300 mg, 3x daily.  It has done NOTHING for my pain or discomfort.  I missed a days worth of dosage, and was ill for two days  with nausea, headaches, flu-like symptoms and elevated levels of hatred for fellow mankind until i finally caught back up with my dosage.  i still do not understand the benefits of this drug for my condition.  thinking about switching doctors.  Read More Read Less
1403: Sleeping a lot.
1404: This medication has helped with the pain I have in the back and sides of my head. (not headeachs) and has taken the pain out of my eyes due to Arnold Chiari Malformation. It also helps with muscle pain.
1405: Relieves uncontrollable spasms in legs due to MS
1406: I am suffering from extreme restless leg which radiates all the way up my back and into arm.  This drug does help when others failed me.  I tried all 3 categories of drugs for this problem and the only other that worked was Kolonopin which worked but I would not recommend.  I was on that for over 2 years and could not function any longer due to being in a fog feeling.
1407: This was prescribed for pain and tingling in legs from a lower back injury.  My current dosage od 1500 Mg 3xday  It is somewhat effective but I never get complete relief.  Fslling, unsteady gait, and dizziness are my side effects.
1408: First tablet taken passed me out, woke up in middle of night to go to bathroom and could not see.  After a few minutes vision came back got up and was dizzy.  Later that day went to rehab center was fine till next night and took another 300MG back to dizziness.  It does take care of the tremor, but I will take the tremor back over all the side effects .  I do not recommend this medication at all.
1409: I,m a Certified Medication Assistant. #1 people Need to look up med. they are about to take first for side effects.  I had a major stoke left side of my body from head to toe is numb with meuropatic pain. I,m on 600mg QID relief in my leg and some in arm left hand no more stabbing burning pain in leg. Dizzness in the morning when first standing up. Unsteadiness when walking comes and goes I,m satisfied so far. Will update in a month.
1410: The jury is still out....
1411: I have been on this medication for a week now.  My pain in my neck and back from a herniated disc is hardly noticeable.  It causes me to feel floaty, but I'm told that will go away with time. I take adderall for add, and so that medication combats the sluggish foggy feeling and balances it out.  Before bed when I take it, I feel kind of floaty and drugged- helps me sleep.  I am now able to wake up on time in the morning without sleeping past ten alarms and I feel like I have gotten a great nights sleep! I would recommend this drug for those who can accept the side effects for a while.  Oh- side effects also include gas which smells reminiscent of dead rodents.  Aside from that- yoooo gabapentin!  Read More Read Less
1412: 56 yr old male ..  I have congestive heart failure .. EF is 15-20% max ..  have bad circulation from weak heart with neuropathy issues in both lower legs arms feet and hands ..   this medication has been super great in helping with the nerve pain - twitching - bee stings -   spasms .. it has just really been great for me ..
1413: I take savella 25 mg and 50 mg 2 x day and gabapentin 300 mg at night with 1- 10mg zopiden sleeping pill. I have got the best sleep in 10 years taking it with my sleeping pill,I took gabapentin over 5 tears ago and gain weight and it really didn't work as I was on different meds then I am now. I have lost 13 lbs in a month, but I am also trying to eat less. I have spinal stenosis.herniaded disc,fibromyalgia, bursa joint,and more I am glad it works for me now . I have tied every med out there and I finally have a combination that works for me. I think that you have to try other things before you can find what really works for you. Don't give up have patience and you will find the answer you need. I have tried so many drugs from my doctors and I finally have the right combo. good luck in your journey.Read More Read Less
1414: I first used it last year after a back operation.  The doctor told me after a few days the nerves would wake up and to let him know.  They did and it was very painful and this product helped a lot.  I am still having back problems and about a month ago I had the nerves in my back burned.  It helped my back pain but caused my feet to feel like they were on fire.  This drug controled the pain.  I did have little blured vision.  My pain doctor's PA told me to stop taking it.  The pain came back.  My ortho guy said you should never stop with out tapering off that it could cause a seizure. I am very pleased with the drug
1415: This is for my diabetic neuropathy in my feet & Legs.
1416: I've been on this for years for mild sezuire symptoms,but learned it helped control my migranes too.It's been a great help to me
1417: works for migrian headachs
1418: My Doctor prescribed this to me for Fibromalgia Nerve Pain...It really takes the edge off the pain and am able to sleep comfortably at night...Otherwise, I would be pulling my hair out!
1419: I have been prescribed this medication for chronic lower back pain and nerve damage. I have to say I have gotten absolutely no relief from this. I got soo cold and couldn't get warm, even with a lot of blankets on. I felt like I was really mellowed while at the same time being sped up, like a smooth buzz because I couldn't sleep at all. Plus I don't like the statement on the medication pamphlet stating that this can cause depression, suicidal behavior and/or thoughts. I want to get mobile not dead
1420: made me anxious and could not tell if it was working.
1421: My 17 year old daughter has severe abdominal pain.The doctor prescibed it for the pain. She took 5 pills over the period of 3 days and by the end of the 2nd day was crawling on the floor because she was to weak to stand.she took one more in the morning of the 3rd day and could hardly walk and then had more nausea and started to have tremors.we then dicontinued the medication.
1422: Works wonderful for me
1423: just started this med, I have a main nerved pinched between C4-C5 and bulging discs, bone spurring, sciatic nerve pinching in lower back. Gabapentin is a great non-narcotic pain reliever/reducer. Dosage: 300mg x 2 at bedtime. So far I am very impressed, will update if needed.
1424: I am taking this medication for fibromyalgia pain. It has helped me and eased my pain so I am able to function more normally.
1425: I suffer from acute pain from herniated disk. Lortab ineffective. But within 24 hrs, of first 3 capsules, pain 94% gone! I know this is temporary until surgery, but it is allowing me to work and sleep w/o great pain.
1426: i have been taking this for nerve pain due to MS 3 times a day and isnt doing a bit of good.  at night i get 2-3hrs of sleep then im up again.
1427: medacation dulls the pain in my feet but does not take it away
1428: I need 4800 mg/day.  this has affected my mental functions to the point of permanent disability due to occassional mentaql confusion and lackl of confidence.  The trade off is quality of life.  pain prior to this was getting so bad I was having the concentration and confusion problems and sstill hurting.
1429: I use this medication for fibromyalga. I am also on a narcotic medication for same.This medicine relieves my pain better than any narcotic medicine. Actually,The gabapentin does more good in relieving my pain than any medication I have taken, and I have not suffered any side effects.This medicine has enabled me to walk moderately pain free.I highly recommend this medicine to fibromyalgia patients who are suffering from nerve pain.
1430: Changed my life not for the better and have pain still . Side effects numerous . Don't feel like I use to tired and depressed and have severe constipation. Syatica nerve still hurts pain in back and lower legs and between legs.
1431: it has been helpful for me i am on 900mg 3x daily. it does help minimize the pain but i cannot miss a dose and i have to make sure i take it at the same time every day. my doc says that it will not take care of the burning and stinging i take baclofen for that it only helps with spasms and pain. you have to give the med time to work and you have to let your doc know if the low dosage doesnt help so they can slowly up the dosage. As time goes on the tiredness and other side effects do lessen as your body becomes used to the meds. there is no miracle drug for neuropathy you also have to learn to adjust your lifestyle exercise and rest when you need to.Read More Read Less
1432: Does little to stop the restless leg syndrome that I take it for. Easy to take since it is just 2 pills and it doesn't matter if you eat or not. Makes me very dizzy, sometimes to the point of needing to hold on to something.  I have hit the ground before because of passing out.
1433: People. I started using this for anxiety and as a mood stablizer and yes this med will help anxiety, panic attacks. The problem is it has led me to severe depression, hair loss, skin problems and just totally screwed up my CNS. I am lethargic, unable to work now etc. This is a warning. This med is also are very hard to discontinue. Ive been tapering for months and have a long way to go. I can only hope and pray that the depression and lethargy will lift some day. I have lost my life due to this drug. I pray at night to just die and dread everyday. If I knew then what I know now I would have went down a different road to help my anxiety disorder and mood. Please investigate other alternatives and do your research on the web before using as I should have.   Read More Read Less
1434: I had a radical neck discection after being treated with chemo and 36 rounds of radiation. I shouldnt complain, but it still hurts an awful lot. I'm maxed out on 2400 mg of gabapentin a day. I barely get though the day on that. Is there anything else I can do? I need help.
1435: I was suffering from trigimenal neuralgia about 10years now. I started taking naproxen for almost one year with no results until I changed a neurologist and he prescibed me Neurontin 400mg 2x a day which helps me a lot from my unbearable pain.He reduced to once a day for 6 months ,and now I stop taking  neurontin 6 months ago, no side effect and pain free.
1436: No noticeable side effects.  I take 100 mg nightly for leg tremors caused by spinal nerve damage.  The medication reduces and often eliminates the tremors.           t
1437: before using the Gaba I was unable to sleep through night. The last night i stood all night!
1438: Fibromyalgia symptoms are much better. Side effects of dizziness and more depressed and easily frustrated were present too. They lasted two weeks.
1439: Worked for lumbar radiculopathy the first time I took it, the second time around (about a year later) has proven, thus far, to be ineffective.  Very effective at altering my mood and memory loss.
1440: I have been on the drug for one year starting with 300 mg per day slowly increasing to 3,600 mg per day. I slept most of the day for the first 3 months then the drowsiness tapered off as the months drew by. If I miss just one dose within a two hour window, my pain can go from a 2 to an 8 which alerts me that I have forgotten to take my medication. I am 49, otherwise healthy and had nerve injury to my leg following a straight forward prolapsed vag hyst, rectocele repair. The sciatic nerve was over stretched with a small branch sutured, near the hip acetabulum. This injury was found on a specialized MRI . The gabapentin has helped tremendously in conjunction with cymbalta for perineal pain and Celebrex Read More Read Less
1441: I use the drug for neuropathy, and it really helps. The only thing that bothers me is the drowsiness and the really vivid dreams I have.
1442: My insurance wants me to take this medication  without telling me the precaution:  Because my doctor wants me on lyrica.  But the insurance company want me to take this medication instead of warning me of the effects: States that can cause sudden and unexplained death reported. I refuse to take it.  My doctor refuses to give it to me.  So they want approve me to continue taking Lyrica.
1443: I started taking gabapentin last night. I have taken two so far today. My script is 300mg 3xday. I am a little sleepy but not too bad. Pain is completely gone in the back of my thigh. Going for a MRI tomorrow to see what is really wrong. I have read some people have weight gain I hope I dont I quit smoking and I gained 10 lbs.I dont want to gain anymore.
1444: I was prescribed it for neuropathic pain in my hands due to type 2 diabetes. I was prescribed up to 3600 mgs. a day, but actually needed way, way less to work, in trying a small amount of it to see how I would react to it, I found that on the days when my pain flared up do to how I was eating--things such as pasta and sugar were the main culprits, taking about a 100 mgs. just one time would make the pain go away, so I only take it when I have pain and I take about 100-200 mgs of it as you would OTC pain medicine and this works for me, so basically I was vastly overprescribed the correct amount for me but it was something that did 100% address my neuropathic pain, the only side effects for me was mild to moderately uncomfortable neurological sensation, but the pain relief is worth it, I continue to use it when ever I have neuropathic, diabetes related pain in my hands.  I would recommend it, but not at such high doses, start with a small dose of it and gage your reaction to it and adjust the dose yourself up to the amount prescribed by your doctor
1445: I took this med 4 years for extreme stiffness, throbbing, stabbing pain in my hip+lower back along with gripping, burning, leg + butt pain.  I felt sore and bruised everywhere. The Dr was a general MD who didn't discuss specialists or order x-rays-I saw him only 1x/year.  The gaba lessened the pain, but the memory loss and crankiness far outweighed the slight benefit.  I was unaware of the memory effect of gaba and thought it was menopause related–I was 8 years perio at 49yo.  This assumption almost cost me a career…  Lessons learned: Discuss ALL side effects with your Dr and monitor your meds carefully.  Review the list of side effects yourself every few months.  Discuss meds with trusted family and friends, who can help monitor any personality changes, etc-my friend stopped taking gaba due to her memory issues and told me about it.  Ask about a specialist.  I now have 2 specialists.  A Spine Dr who found absence of labrum with arthritis in my hip and a bulging disc and arthritis in my lower back.  She prescribed Tramadol which takes the burning, throbbing, stabbing pain down to 6/7 of 10, but barely touched the almost debilitating stiffness, gripping pain and general soreness.  Also, the pain still spiked to 8/9 with (what came to be known to me as) extreme activities: 1 ½ hour grocery shopping, hiking or spring cleaning.  These obviously did not used to be extreme to me.  She did suggest I could try stronger - Sched II - meds but I declined.  After a couple years I asked her who I could see to minimize the other symptoms.  The Rheumatologist prescribed an NSAID, which has been absolutely amazing: very little morning stiffness and pain, plus the anti-inflammatory reduced the other symptoms further.  I'm now about 40% pain-free.  The gripping hamstring and stabbing hip pain occasionally return between doses, but without the intensity.  The intense pain is only after hours of standing or truly extreme activities.  We’re also trying fibromyalgia meds.Read More Read Less
1446: I have MS and this drug has been a miracle for me.  I have experienced a tremendous amount of nerve pain in my back, hips and legs and this drug has taken most of that away.  No side effects for me.  Also helps with MS tremors.
1447: Using for shingles, pain decreased since using and also took the edge off my nerves, which resulted in me being so much more confident.
1448: i have been on this med for a week and feel like a goon. i am taking it for fibromyalgia and upper and lower disc degeneration. started taking 900mg a day for 5 days then 1200mg for 5 days then 1500 for 5 days then 1800mg in the end. and if i'm gonna gain weight then forget it!
1449: I have been on this medication for a month. It has been the miracle I have been looking for, for 20 years! 400 mg at bedtime, I can get up in the morning without the use of a chair or table. My pain has decreased by 50%. my nerves have calmed down, no more racing. I just seem to be calm all over.I dont't have that git up and get something done feeling that was driving me crazy. Now, I am happy with the I don't care feeling. I have obsesive compulsuary disorder ,post tramatic stess disorder' anxiety pain from back surgury, open hip reduction, neck shoulder, arm pain. As far as the weight gain, I'll have to go to weight watchers or something! On a scale of 1- 10 so far it's been a 10. It has been a Quality of Life change for the good for me so far. Only 400mgs at bed time. I'm also on heavy narcotics for chronic pain.Read More Read Less
1450: I was I agony after back surgery when one of my nerves was cut I guess. It felt like pleurisy, and was difficult to breathe. My rib cage felt like it had been burned with an iron. This drug saved my life. I feel normal now.
1451: Have been taking this drug for 4 weeks now.  Started out at 100mg/night 1st week, 200 2nd week etc.  Some pain relief, almost 8 pound weight gain and always feeling gassy. Because of weight gain without change in eating habits, I am thinking of going back to Advil!!
1452: I have very bad leg and feet burning sensation due to Lumbar Spinal Stenosis, and the Gabapentin has helped that so much.  I can now get some sleep and walk better during the day.
1453: my dad at 87 uses it. it is great for a pinched nerve. it is not addicting...you can takes without overdosing. according to our neurologist, it passes in urine.
1454: I have been on neurontin for 5 months now for severe nerve damage to right arm..I'm on a fairly low dose because of chronic kidney disease, but I now can tolerate the pain and am very satsified with the results so far..The only side effects I've experienced is sleepiness..I can now sleep 10 hours at night..
1455: this drug seems to be somewhat helpful.  I've just started taking this medication so i'm not the one to give a yea or nay. i do know that my pain has been reduced and for the first time since 3/09 i've slept through the nite. i did feel out of sorts for about two hours the next day.
1456: I'm diagnosed with ankylosing spondylitis. Doctor prescribed gabapentin 1 pill 3 times daily. Been taking them for about 2 years and haven't noticed anything different. I'm afraid to take more as my husband was on this stuff and had memory loss and confusion.
1457: indegestion,anxiety,drowsyness,loss balances
1458: Some times it works and some times it doesn't.
1459: I ave been taking this to ease my restless legs when I go to bed.
1460: I have severe back pain, I was put on gabapentin to help relieve the pain in the nerve endings. It did I had a seizure. All my tests have come back normal MRI Scan EEG, no brain damage thank god. Stopped taking the tablets and I have had no re-occurance of seizure, would rather be in pain than try these tablets again.
1461: side effective;drowsy,dizzy,low eneergy,decreased concentration,increased reflux.increased stress urination.    this happened when increasing dose,as directed by m.d.
1462: I also have Epilepsy however, my neurologist prescribed the med. for unrelenting chronic jaw pain. Four doses later the pain ended completely and has not returned in 2 years.  Recently, I have been also taking it for pain related to arthritis in my knee.  Immediately worked for me!
1463: i have been taking 2700mg a day for 2 months now. The pain is almost better but the side affects are overwhellming. I get angry for no reason, have gained about ten pounds, and have fallen about 5 times. before the meds i was athletic now have hard time getting out of bed. I forget what im talking about sometimes and cant seem to think of the right words.When i forget to take my meds i start having seizures i had never had a seizure before tha gabapentin.its hard to go out but now my work wants me back but my head is noy clear enough to say no.Read More Read Less
1464: I take 200mg twice a day for Shingles relief.  It seems to have some moderating effect on nerve pain, but certainly does not eliminate it , even temporarily
1465: I took Lyrica but my ins. would not pay much and I could not afford it.  The Dr. gave me this...it makes you hungry as does Lyrica..I continue to gain weight..pain is a little better
1466: The reason for taking this drug was for a feeling, I wanted to jump out of my skin, I could not sleep or get comfortable in any form
1467: This medication has helped my lowerback pain and my twisting motion.  My mobility is very better but some weird side effects.  I feel like I get "stuck" and have to regain my thoughts.
1468: My legs have swelled horribly and I am dizzy all the time and just do not feel well.
1469: I take Gabapentin 300mg three times a day after lower back surgery for pain in my thigh and leg from a bulging disc.  I have found that if you take this medication at the exact times daily it helps.  It has been a lifesaver for me.
1470: I was perscribed by my "Med Head" doctor for Mood Stabizer.  It is weird though that I don't see on WebMD that is for stablizing moods.  Anyhow..., it DOES work for me.  And for some reason, the side effects of taking this medication DOES NOT seem to effect me - it is REVERSED on ME.  It wakes me up and I feel happier.
1471: once you experience a GOOD pain reliver, this medication seems like baby aspirin
1472: I used this mainly as a periodic dose of 300 or 600 for relief from sciatic pain. However, about 8 months ago i began developing seizure-like symptoms, and increased nerve pain. I went on it full time, and went up to 1800mg a day. It took away the brain fog that I was having, is controlling the jerking, and still keeps the sciatic at bay.    However, I'm still working hard with physical therapy to eliminate the odd nerve pain I have developed.    -April B.
1473: Prescribed to control tremors
1474: Very disappointed for Shingles pain. Going to Acupuncture clinic because this drug doesn't work.
1475: I take it for paripheral neuropathy.  It does help the burning and "pins and needles" feeling by about 50%.  600mg 3x/day.  Gave me a "foggy" head and some memory problems for the first few months.
1476: I started out at 300mg/day, & was gradually being increased to 600mg/day.  At 500mg/day I became SO hostile, I chased a woman down on the freeway, almost got into a fight at a basketball game, told off our mailman, etc.  After talking w/my pharmicist (it was the weekend), I stopped taking the drug, & called my doctor the following Monday.  She advised that I not take it anymore either.  It made me VERY hostile.  It's now listed as an allergy on my medical chart.
1477: I'd like to try something better for diabetic and so called ideopathic nerve pain. This drug eases pain to a small extent, but I've just about decided it's not worth the side effects: I am losing fine motor control and have twitches and tics (isn't that what this med is supposed to ease?). I'm afraid to use any power tool that requires fine dexterity, and my handwriting has gone to the dogs. I used to have superior manual dexterity and hand-eye coordination.
1478: It helps with the pain in my lower back, I have severe nerve damage to my lower back.
1479: After taking this for a few weeks I decided to ween myself off of it due to depression, hopelessness, exhausting, confusion, and feeling high.  It did not make me feel like my normal self.  I would advise anyone who is feeling depressed after taking this to ween yourself off of it.
1480: Started with 100mg which has helped but my pain management doctor bumped to 300 mg which helped even more. This medication changed my life. I have a pinched nerve in my neck which caused tingling in my left fingers/arm.
1481: used for hypertention
1482: im just starting the treatment so i have no experience with the medication
1483: I thought I had arthritis in all joints above hips, acute pain upon rising every day, I have also had insomnia for 20+ yrs. This med ended both complaints. I go to sleep and stay asleep all night, and awake pain free and rested.  It has improved my life.
1484: This medicine almost killed me!!!!! I was given the 600mg, was taking one pill every night before bed for pain. I statred this medication in April 2013. I started having all kinds of mood changes. I would just start crying, for no reason at all. I was just sick! I wasn;t hurting anywhere! I was just sick! Most importantly I wanted to harm MYSELF. I had a hugh sense of fear, which is something that I've never had.I had no idea what was wrong with me until I read the lable on my perscription bottle. Now after two visits to the ER and one doctor's appointment later, I'm beginning to feel more like myself. I'm still not able to stay at my home. My advice to anyone prescribed this medication, first of all, I WOULDN"T TAKE IT! Secondly, if you decide to take be very careful and always pay attention to your body and any changes that may be happening. Tell your family and your friends to watch you to see if they see any changes in you or your behavior.Read More Read Less
1485: Neurontin has been a great medication for nerve pain following steroid epidural injection that caused intractable pain in injection site level of spine and down legs to feet.  I have taken this for many years and would rather lose all my pain meds before losing Neurontin.  I also have acid reflux, which is increased lately.   I thought that I had read a long time ago that you can't take acid med.(tums ex) for a period of time after taking a med.  Is there anything on this?
1486: No nerve pain relief what so ever. Two herniated disks. One pushing on syatic nerve. Take 600mg 3 x a day (1800), second month. After reading some of these comments, decided to increase dose to 3600mg/day. The only side effect is some serious gas issues. Have never tooted so much in my life. When our cat hears it now, she knows to run. Poor kitty. Cant believe no one else has this problem. #1 side effect reported in gabapentin. Cant wait to have surgery done and get rid of this pain. Unable to walk now, in wheelchair 35 years old.Read More Read Less
1487: With this medication I feel my mental / cognitive function is impaired. I am in a cloud. There is some nerve pain relief but since I cannot take other pain medications with this drug I have nothing to control the pain from spinal stenosis and other back problems. Bottom line: I am still in a great deal of pain.
1488: THIS PILL WORKS GREAT FOR PEOPLE LIKE ME WITH R.S.D OR PAIN. I LOVE THIS I CAN GET ON WITH MY LIFE WITH OUT MUCH PAIN HOLDING ME BACK.
1489: I have type 2 diabetes and began experiencing neuropathy in my feet which occurs mostly at bedtime several years ago. My doctor prescribed this med to treat the tingling "pins & needles sensations. My dosage is 100mg 3x/day. After 1-2 weeks I finally started experiencing relief from my symptoms & the relief has been consistent ever since. I have not needed to increase the dosage. I noticed a comment here posted in August 2015 that I feel compelled to respond to the post with a note of caution.  The poster said they took only a single pill that resulted in a very negative way for them.  I'm of the opinion that the effectiveness of this or any other drug cannot be accurately evaluated after having taken only a single dose of the drug.  The poster's experience as described is more likely due to a direct allergic reaction to the drug or because the drug interacted negatively with one or more other drugs the poster may be taking
1490: im taking this drug for the shingles and it does work
1491: I was prescribed this in Dec 07 when I started experiencing pain in left leg at night due to leaking disc in back (they say). Found it hard to adjust to at first..dizzy and groggy when waking up but finally able to sleep. Only taking 500mg at night but they wanted me to increase dosage daily but I couldn't function on any more than that! Now after 3 mths the pain is back in my leg but my night sweats due to hormonal changes have STOPPED. They were worst than the pain in my leg so I'm still taking this drug and dealing with the pain instead. Does anyone know if there is any long term side affect from this drug that I shouldn't be taking it just because its stops my hormonal sweats etc.??? At some point I'll need to find out what else to take for my leg pain but for now I find if I am sure to walk around abit before I go to bed...the pain isn't so bad that I can't sleep at least. Any advice from any other just 50 gals???Read More Read Less
1492: I have MS and severe nerve pain. The doctor put me on this in June of 2013. I was unable to walk or use my hands. It felt like I was walking on and grasping broken glass. I started on 300mg 3x a day. After the first dose, I felt relief. I am now taking 600mg 4x a day. I haven't had any side effects that I've noticed. I can tell if I have missed a dose. I thank God for this medicine. It has allowed me to continue working. Something I'm not ready to give up yet.
1493: i don't like side effects.
1494: So far no relief of the pain after one week.
1495: My doctor put me on this medication for my severe migraines headaches It felt like my  throat was all swelling and I couldn't get my breathe when I was taking it I only took it for a couple days and I started having the side effects right away I no longer take it
1496: im having swellon in my legs
1497: After several cortisone shots, etc. for hip, back, and left leg pain my doctor asked me to try this medication.  After 3 300mg doses, there was much less pain.  I am increasing the drug now to 900mg per day (max) and I have tremendous relief.  From the first dose, I have not taken one pain med.  The only side effect I have had so far, in my seventh day, is that I am having trouble going to sleep.  Once I am asleep I sleep thru the night.  That is a huge improvement.  I am thankful and this may keep me from having back surgery.  Read More Read Less
1498: I began taking this RX after spinal fusion for treatment of nerve pain in both feet.  Pain in feet was present only when laying down. No pre-op nerve pain in feet.  While taking this RX it may have helped slightly.  However it began to give me nerve type pain in both arms and was like I had (jumpy arm syndrome)
1499: I know, I gave this medication almost five stars because it worked for my hot flashes.  The problem now is that I want to withdraw from the medication after severely itching(almost dug my neck off)nausea, and weight gain.  The withdrawal symptoms will be the worst thing you can imagine.  I have weened myself off slowly, because my doctor wasn't much help specifying how I should get off the meds.  I am just taking each day slowly.  I was taking 400 mg. 2x daily; I am now down to one dosage-have horrible insomnia and foggy thinking.  Wish me luck! Read More Read Less
1500: I started taking gabapentin because I had tried every other pill to help with my depression. I was so low, it's hard to even describe how bad it was. Gabapentin literally snapped me out of my depression and I have now been taking it for 10 years. It certainly slows down my cognitive functioning a bit, and it can be dangerous when mixed with alcohol, but it really saved my life. So worth it.
1501: I was on it for 18months but had to stop taking it because of the side effects. Cycle bleeding was INTENSE, sometimes for weeks. I also now have dental problems that have ruined what before my dentist called excellent teeth. I now have receding gums, teeth cracking from the inside, and radiating pain in teeth, etc. Before you take this medicine read the averse affects... Dental abnormalities... I had perfect teeth and thought not me. I was wrong.
1502: My mother had been taking this medicine for 3 months 2 600mg 3 times a day! She eventually got dizzy and fell in her house and broke her neck! This is not a good drug! Shame on the medical staff giving this!
1503: THIS MEDICATION SHOULD BE "OFF THE MARKET" I TOOK 1 300mil AT BEDTIME....AND IF I GOT UP TO USE THE BATHROOM...I WOULD WAKE UP 1 HR OR MORE "LATER". AT WORK...AS LONG AS I WAS MOVING..I WAS FINE. IF I WOULD SIT...I WOULD BE ASLEEP. I FOUND NO HELP WITH MY NERVE DAMAGE IN MY LEG. BUT VERY DANGEROUS OTHERWISE. "DON'T TAKE IT!!!"
1504: Poison!!!!  Stay away this crap. The side affect list is huge and you will get most of them.some very dangerous you might kill yourself or a family member.This is no joke
1505: Feel swollen, can't sleep at night, constipated  and mood swings.  And heart palpatations. Want off the medication. Feel terrible, and naseuated
1506: Since menopause I have not been able to sleep.  My Dr. said this would help-it has been great!   I also have plantar fasciitis and it has helped that.
1507: It works but I wish I didn't have to take 3 times a day.
1508: I had an acute herniated disk (T12-L1) that kept me in bed or crawling around on the floor. I couldn't sit or stand. After 6 - 8 weeks I could more or less get around, drive, and go back to work. Oxycontin was the only thing that allowed me to function at all (taken very responsibly, only what was needed to quell most of the pain, monitored by doc, etc).     Since I had shown some improvement by 8 weeks, my orthopedic surgeon wanted to wait more before deciding on surgery. I pushed for it, but he resisted (which is really the kind of surgeon you want!). I didn't improve much further over the next 2 months, so the surgeon did the surgery to remove the stuff that ejected from the disk and was pressing on the nerve root. As hoped, things were a lot better after the surgery. The constantly-present pain was gone, but I still had a lot of sciatic pain (from my hip all the way down my leg) every time I bent over even a little bit, sat down, rotated my spine, or any other straining (coughing, etc.). Nevertheless, absent the constant pain, it was time to get off of the oxycontin. Tapering slowly over 3 weeks went without a hitch.    Concurrent with tapering the oxycontin, for the sciatica the surgeon recommended gabapentin, 600 - 1200 mg per day as needed. I was skeptical at first, since onxycontin worked so well. But the gabapentin was great, working as well as the oxycontin. I could clearly tell when the gabapentin was active and when it wore off, which gave me complete control. I usually allowed for a little pain, to monitor progress, but whenever I wanted to be pain free, I took the next dose before the previous dose wore off. I didn't notice any side effects at all.     I was told it would take a long time for the inflamed nerve root to completely heal. For 6 - 9 months I was more or less pain free as long as I took 900 - 1200 mg/day. Over the next two years things got gradually better, requiring less and less of the gabapentin. Now I take it only very occasionally if needed.Read More Read Less
1509: Have been taking this for many years. My dosage is at 3600 mg per day.. I could not make it without it.  It stops the pain in my feet. I do suffer from drowsiness but I'll take that over the horrible sensation of burning feet. You have to give it a chance to work and get the dosage right. I did feel funny at first(high) but that wore off and now it works great.. I slowly worked up to the dosage.
1510: Taking for RA. Started at 100 mg/day; then 100 mg 2x/day.  Upped to 400 mg/day a couple of weeks ago, just upped to 400 mg 2x/day this week. Just today started feeling dizzy and off-balance (vertigo symptoms) and some loss of memory/inability to complete sentences. Not too sure I want to continue as I haven't noticed any real change in my RA.
1511: I take the generic gabapentin.  I've been on it for over 10 years to treat diabetic neuropathy in my feet, which used to be so bad I would literally cry.  I tried soaking my feet in buckets of ice water, but naturally it had no effect.  The burning, stabbing, stinging pain was unbearable, especially at night.  My doctor prescribed gabapentin.  For me it has been nothing short of a miracle drug.  While I still have the numbness (nothing is going to regenerate dead nerves), my pain is 99% relieved.  Every now and again I get a little bout, but it doesn't last long and is very infrequent.  The really good news is this drug in its generic form is also very inexpensive.Read More Read Less
1512: I was prescribed this for anxiety and depression I really feel good and happy, it make you high  but this is better than feel depression and sad,I take 400 mg in the morning and 400 at evening, its a life changer but be careful and dont abuse it or you will be addicted to it and you will lose your mind ,but if you take it as dr say you ,you will get great feelings and you will be good
1513: medication made me nauseous and lightheaded.  Body and head felt fuzzy, unfocused and weak.
1514: No effect noticed, no decrease in pain or discomfort
1515: I had nothing but a horrible experience on this drug.  I have severe hair loss, extremely tired but can't sleep more than 3 hours a night, very confused, forgetfulness, stomach irritation, weight gain, dizzy, off balance, can't focus thoughts, weak reflexes, easily annoyed/angered to name a few!!  It took me a while to realize that all my symptoms were from using this drug because it caused confusion!
1516: I got shingles and this helps me alot it makes me hungry and hate the weight gain,but I will have these shingles for 3-6 months
1517: I'm not sure it does anything......
1518: Without this prescription I don't know where I'd be today.  I am 65 years old and have been on this drug for 2 years.    I suffered a severe dog bite to my face which took away the main nerve in my cheek.  This drug was a life changer for me. The nerve endings in my face (what was left) were damaged beyond repair and would make me feel like there were things crawling under the skin and like electrical charges were being set off.  This medication was a game changer for me.  It was prescribed along with Metaxalone and it made all the difference in the world.  The nerve pain is not completely gone but manageable and it no longer makes me sleepy.  It's not for everyone (as you can witness from the other reviews) but it's certainly worth a two to three month trial to see if it works for you.Read More Read Less
1519: i was prescribed this medication for a ongoing headache that was ruled out of being a migraine, but is simply unclassified. This medication was added my other meds after the headache lasted more than 1 year
1520: The gabapentin oral has not worked as intended. It was given to my father-in-law for extreme back pain. With regard to that, gabapentin has had little or no effect. His back was injured over twenty years ago, unfortunately, as he has aged it has consistently gotten worse. He does not take any narcotic drug for the back pains. And, has tried other medications with the same unsuccessful results. One thing in defense of the drug and that is my father-in-law has numerous other problems and does not follow his doctor's directions with regard to physical therapy.Read More Read Less
1521: I hurt every day joints and nerves and muscles. I was almost walking with a cane I hurt so bad. Took this medicine and within 2 days feel like a new woman. I have had neck surgery and 3 disk removed. a wonder pill because I have tried EVERYTHING ELSE.
1522: I want to thank all of you that posted here on this drug. It helped me come to the decision, to stop taking it and I will do so cold turkey. I was given this for my lower back pain, right leg pain and numbness along with it. After reading these comments, everything made more sense. I am hungry more and constipated, had trouble focusing AND GAINED WEIGHT! I thought it was just "the change", holy crap, this drug was a contributor. I'm dumping them in the porcelain throne. I'll just take a Tylenol PM to help me sleep from now on.Read More Read Less
1523: i find this medicine does nothing for me.
1524: Makes me very sleepy all the time but not necessarly tired. Balance problems about 24 hours, more so when i get up from sitting, i then get very dizzy. A continous very slight headache also a very slight ringing my ears. I have no leg pain so at least that worked. Bu with the side effects I rather have the pain. I don't think this medication is for me.
1525: Used for herniated L4/L5 with pain down the legs. Tried lyrica with no relief. This med helped a ton. on 600mg 4x/day. If I am late for a does by a hr. or 2 I know it. The drug does make me a little forgetful and I think makes me snore but is a good trade off for the pain.
1526: PQAIN IN MY LOER BACK THAT GOES ALL DOWN MY LEG ON MY RIGHT SIDE
1527: Initially this drug is reasonably effective but it has a lot of bad side effects such as drowsiness and a hangover type feeling the following morning. The longer you take it the more of it you need to take to control your restless legs or Neuropathy symptoms. It is also very slow acting. It generally takes at least two hours for it to control your symptoms. I will be talking to my doctor about a replacement drug. Gabapentin is a very poor solution and I do not recommend it.
1528: I am on Gabapentin 400mg 4 times a day and it has helped tremendously with my tremors.
1529: i had shingles and them the pain after them, took the gabapentin for 6 mths, has been very helpful in relieving pain in the right side of stomach and back, has been called neuropathic pain caused from shingles, has been 6 mths and i still have the pain and burning, nothing seems to cure the pain,just help with it to sleep or get by during the day,
1530: I take 1200mg sometimes 1800mg, I am always sleepy and my legs and feet have swollen and are painful. Also loss of memory.  I have not told Dr. Because I just did not think it was the medication.  I will call him on Monday, for sure.
1531: HAVE 3  BULGING DISC. HAD BAD  PAIN FROM BACK DOWN RIGHT LEG. HAD  HARD TIME SLEEPING ON EITHER SIDE.  PAIN  IS LIGHT. MANAGABLE.
1532: I wish it was more effective in relieving pain
1533: To the other reviewer that said this drug is dangerous. It's not and quite safe when prescribed correctly. It sounds like your doctor is dangerous and should have known the obvious drug interactions.   I'm on a fairly high dose to control nerve pain.  While I do get sleepy, I have had minimal pain since finding the dose that is correct for me.
1534: This drug causes  rapid weight gain. Although it doesn't tell you this, as long as you are taking this drug, you will gain weight, and not just a little but a lot.
1535: Did step-up dosage schedule. After I got to the 1800mg per day dose, I encountered severe problems. Dizzy, confusion and amnesia. Then I blacked out while driving and when I woke up I was confused as to where I was or that I was even driving. Was admitted to ER with what they thought was a stroke. After a LOT of tests, including a CT scan. A pharmacy consult was inititated. It was determined to be Gabapetin drug induced amnesia. I was ordered off and am not on the step down withdrawal program. BE CAREFUL if you are on this drug!!Read More Read Less
1536: I use this for fibromyalgia. It was a wonderful medicine I found to instantly work. I could sleep at night, my hands, arms, legs and feet didn't feel numb as much, and all over body pain was better controlled. Side effects are fatigue, dizziness and now I'm experiencing severe depression. I'm concerned about the later, and will consult my doctor on my next appointment.
1537: had pain all over. Have fibromyalgia. Take 300mg 3 times a day. It is wonderful.Don't have the pain anymore. Feel like a new woman. No side effects so far.Been on meds for over a year.
1538: I am a 29yr old that has had chronic pain for 11yrs. i am epileptic so some is due to all the falls and beatings i took from the violent seizures, the rest from fibromyalgia. a severe case at that! that's wat i got the rx for. worked like a charm for the pain. only been on it for a 11/2 wks. being a single mom of 3, falling asleep at the drop of a hat (even standing up) was scaring me! i don't know why it was doing it. i stopped taking it 3days ago. the 1st day w/out it, i was fine.not tired. now i feel the pain tho. hurts. the med even helped my back pain. i have 2 slipped disk, spinal arthritis, scoliosis,ect. so, the muscles, nerves in all was feeling better. my legs & hips hurt the most nerve wise. i had no pain after 11yrs of pain & i tell ya, that sure was the most wonderful feeling so i really hope they have something out there in place of it cuz taking care of my kids is my everything and i'm all they have. i'd love to have at least less pain in doing so w/out being drop dead tired! it was just too dangerous! it's not worth having no pain for their lives when i have to drive!! btw, the epilepsy is controlled, thank goodness! oh, and at night, i'd find myself standing up out of bed or sitting up sleeping!! creepy! i'd wake up sitting up or standing next to my bed! boy was i really freaked out! i am on other meds. i still have to talk to the pharmacy & dr. it may be that or just an adverse reaction. not sure. i already asked b4 i even took it if it wud interact w/ any of my meds tho. they said no. yet, they didn't look it up to be sure either. go figure. can't trust everyone! i hope this helps someone out there. even tho it may be a long review, i had plenty to say about my odd experience w/ this rx. thank u out there and whoever u may be, if u have pain, i pray that u find relief. God Bless    Read More Read Less
1539: I have had phantom pain since before I had my right leg amputated above the knee in 08. The pain is there all day every day, the Gabapentin takes about 50-60% of the pain away. Nothing else I've tried has done as much. I'm on 1200mg 3 times a day.
1540: I felt no relief even worse I almost instantly developed ED (boo). Also it upset my stomace.
1541: Began using after spinal chord injury , transverse myalgia caused by a parasite. Daily 500 mg 4 X  but want to reduce it to increase my alertness and because in elderly it can 'hurt' the liver.
1542: Bilat. leg pain and tingling
1543: I have degenerative disc disease at three levels. Gabapentin worked fine for about two months. Then started to gain weight, blurred vision and tingling in right heel. Constant urination and trouble starting. Too many side effects now. Take one 300 MG tablet at night for sleep. Too dangerous during the day to drive,
1544: works after i take it at night. but my legs  hurt again the next morning
1545: I was prescribed gabapentin because a sleep test showed that I wake up an average of 8 times per hour and was lacking in substantial Level 3 and 4 sleep. I began with 200 mg. at night and 100 mg. in the morning, but have since upped the dosage to 600 mg at night and 300 in the morning. At first I was dizzy and fuzzy-headed until around noon, but have since built up a tolerance to the med (in just a couple of weeks). My sleep has improved greatly which seems to support my doc's suspicion that I have a gaba deficiency.Read More Read Less
1546: I have been in severe pain for 2 years, due to herniated disks and pinched nerves in my lower back.  I have not had a decent night sleep in 2 years.  After 3 nights of taking this medication I am well rested and feel NO pain while sleeping.  I even slept on my stomach again!!!  Highly recommend this med for anyone with severe pain.
1547: i have herniated disk (L4/L5)with terrible sciatia pain.Dr. started me on percocet and gabapentin at bedtime. It didn't help and I suffered horribly. Dr.increased gabapentin to 600mg. 3X/day. Took 2 days to kick in. I'm off percocet now and feel 90% better! BUT..I am using ivory soap between my fitted sheet and matress too.Try it for any leg pain, it helps for that morning leg pain
1548: I have nerve damage in my neck from the shingles this medicine works great I would not be able to function without it.
1549: i've taken gab for a number of years .i take about 2300mgs. per day. about a 1/2hr to 2hrs after taking gab my pain will get worse ,usually start getting relief after about 3hrs. they still make me sleepy after all these years of taking it.also getting some pressure type head aches after taking it. anybody else having same kind of symptoms?
1550: prescribed for significant sleep problem 20 mths ago-,works well for this. Have been concerned about blurry vision trouble reading, slow weight gain with nil change to diet or life change, balance problems, memory and word finding difficulties,skin rash on 1 leg which appeared around the time of commencing meds. I have sort medical advice at times about the above symptoms...no one has queried Gabapentin? After reading reviews I am going to cease meds ( gradually) and asses effects.
1551: I have two ruptured disc in my lower back and a broken facet which causes my left calf to hurt.
1552: I was prescribed this medication for dermatitis on my face.  It is the only thing that helps.  I cannot take but one 300mg per day.  It makes me too sleepy.  Has anyone else took this for dermatitis?
1553: The main problem I have are the side effects, mainly the drowsiness, moody, and occasional dizziness.
1554: my pain is often so severe the pill is bad enough is hard to swallow, from the white powder residue (is like chalk). It's as if I never took nothing for the pain; I'm on 600mgs 1 and a half 3xs a day.
1555: No pain relief. within an hour of taking a dose I cannot think or speak clearly. Swelling in my mouth, tongue difficulty swallowing. I've had a concerned friend call the police because of suicidal thoughts that were never there before. Loss of ability to care for myself due to cognitive impairment. ended up in the hospital because of side effects. It seems as though I'm allergic to this drug. These effects started to go away within a day off of gabapentin. Be VERY cautious with this drug.
1556: Believe it or not I was given this drug to help ease the symptoms of alcohol withdrawal, i have very few cravings and am able to function day to day. Am taking less doses week to week.
1557: I tried this instead of Lyrica which wasn't working for me. From the first pill on a low dose, I had nausea, headache, and dizziness. Tried for over a week with no easing of bad symptoms or neuropathic releif.
1558: When first starting the medication, made me very sleepy.  After a week or so the sleepiness went away. While I still have pain from time to time it is not as bad as without the medication.
1559: A neurologist gave this RX to me after determining by a CT scan that I have a fine line skull fracture
1560: weight gain, I want to eat all the time.  the doctor uped my dose and I want to eat.
1561: I found out about Gabapentin when talking to my 11  yr old dog's Veterinarian. He told me his Mom was on it for years and he prescribed it for my dog, who was in a lot of back and hip pain. I almost saw immediate results in my dog so I asked my pain management Dr. if I could use Gabapentin. He called my GP and I was prescribed 300mg 3x a day. It helps but I have so many things wrong with my back including stenosis, two herniated disc, and bone spurs it does not completely rid me of pain. I need to take it every 8 hours or I start to feel the pain getting worse. I also take tumeric and I think this really helps me along with the Gabapentin. I can never understand why it takes so long for Drs. to prescribe pain meds especially stuff that is safe and not a narcotic. I've been in pain for almost 15 years and only got help about 3 yrs ago
1562: I have lower back pain that generates a stabbing sensation from the right hip to the back of the knee. This medication has, in 3 days, almost eliminated the pain completely. I had some side effects to begin with but after I got into the full 3 pills a day, I've had total relief.
1563: My doctor has put me on 300mg once a day at night for pain in both my legs and feet, that make it very difficult to walk.  I was told that they think I have MS. The 1st two days, it took about 5 hours to kick in, then it helped me sleep I did not wake up as much at night.  The drug did cause me dry mouth, but other than that no other side affects yet, but it just simply is giving me no relief at all back to waking up about 6 time a night in pain and constant pain throughout the day.
1564: I have memory loss, urinary infection, headaches, chest pains
1565: i wish it would help me but see no change in pain level
1566: I only took 4 doses of this medication, but started to feel a difference by dose 2. Unfortunately, I had an anaphylactic reaction starting on day four (was taken to the ER; did not take ANYMORE after dose 4) and 5 (via ambulance).  It took a week on the highest dose of Prednisone & Antihistamines to slow the reaction, until my body could metabolize the drug to the point that my body did not see it as a threat!  It is not the drug's fault, nor the prescriber.  I've had progressive neuropathic pain since a car accident 4 years ago.  The best thing for me was a Chronic Pain Rehab Program.  I've had success with Maprotiline (but had significant weight gain) and have recently switched to Cymbalta (Day 6, so far so good; pain is significantly improved, hopefully will be able to take weight off soon!).    I highly suggest and integrated Chronic Pain Program to get you life back!  Meds, Physical Therapy, Occupational therapy, etc.  Together that is a God-sent!  Good luck!Read More Read Less
1567: Dr. prescribed Gabapentin for neuropathy from cervical stenosis before and after the surgery to correct the stenosis. Dose was started at 300mg at night and gradually increased to every 8hrs. as I have had some beneficial results.  In spite of the continuing numbness and tingling in both hands and arms, I have been able to stop taking Tramadol; I'm able to sleep for longer periods of time at night; decreased restless leg syndrome; increased ability to care for myself and my home;  able to drive my car; my daughter/care giver says my overall outlook and mood has improved.   I do have some side effects:  decreased co-ordination when walking; trouble turning pages and picking up small items;   My Dr. says that we can increase the dosage further as needed and tolerated; I'm 6 mo. post op. cervical fusion and there is the possibility for further resolution of the neuropathy from my damaged spinal cord.Read More Read Less
1568: so many side effects
1569: I have been on the drug for approx. 4 months for pain associated with Paratrigeminal Neuralgia.  I find that it does seem to assist the Tegretol that I am on but I am curious as to whether it can cause leg pain.  My leg pain only seemed to start after I started taking this drug but it could be due to something else that the dr. has not found yet I guess.
1570: May be too early to be rating this med but I may call doc for another med today.  I was prescribed this med 8 days ago.  Taking in addition to Tegretol (200 mg, 3x a day) for atypical trigeminal nerve pain.  Gabapentin, 300 mg, started 1 capsule at bedtime for 5 days.  I was so asleep, even my 5 y/o could not wake me.  THAT is scary.  I've been taking 1 capsule with my morning meds for the last 3 days and it makes me light headed, loopy and very tired...  In 2 days I'm to add a 3rd capsule of the day to my mid-day meds.  The goal is to slowly up the dosage to 2 capsules, 3x a day or stop at a lesser dose IF the dose takes away the pain.  The combination of these two meds has me feeling so far from myself, it is horrible.  I hope my body adjusts to these meds soon as I can't take it!!  I don't know what is worse, the pain or the side effects of the meds!  Read More Read Less
1571: I am on 300 mg; I have extreme dizziness; now today after being on it 2 weeks, I have started having shortness of breath.
1572: I do not know if it if fair for me to evaluate this drug since I am only on a 3X300mg daily regiment. It helps with my pain which was absolutely terrible. I have degenerative bone disease c7-c4 with two bulging disks and nerve damage around c7. Partial paralysis in my left hand. This medication helps a lot and I believe a higher dose would even help more. What I detest about this medicine is the weight gain. 5lbs. in less than a month.
1573: The only thing Gabapentin has done for me is make me dizzy and unresponsive, in the morning the pain is actually worse than the day before
1574: Works ok for nurve pain.  After trying lots of other meds, this is the only one that help lessen the pain
1575: This is the 3rd time trying this medication and side effects get worse everytime. Im wheelchair bound,use a bedside comode and since taking this medication, I need help getting into my wheelchair and getting on my comode.lots of swelling legs and feet feel really heavy and my cordination is gone spill when i drink or try eating. Im taking myself off this medication was on 2400mg down to 900mg and problems still are present!
1576: my left side of my back still in pain
1577: Trouble side effects very dizzy nausea depression will never take again. This was all with 1 dose of 300 mgs
1578: Extreme sleepiness. Many other side effects but am taking other medications that have similar side effects. Limited relief of shingles pain. In use for over 2 years
1579: After 2 years of taking Gabapentin[5 per day] for numb toes, tingling burning feet, I have had no relief. I have also taken 30 theraphy treatments and vitamin supplements at great costs with OPTIMAL HEALTH.Straw Chiropractics in Placentia,Cal. NO RElIEF
1580: mood changes , difculty remembering, when woken up I strike out unknowing with my hands.
1581: Prescribed for anxiety to take every day, but it did absolutely nothing, no benefits and no side effects, just absolutely zero change whatsoever. My sister takes it for anxiety now and it seems to help her at least.
1582: I will state this medication works for my pain, but my hair is falling out. Every time I brush my hair, or run my hand through my hair, the hair is falling out in bunches. Not clumps, but you get the drift. I have only been on this nonsense a month and it's going in the garbage. Had it. I am, almost, tempted, to take all the hair: put the hair in a damn jar, and bring it to my next doctor's appointment. Naturally I will be labeled as "difficult" and "noncompliant". At this point I don't care!
1583: Relieved pain from herniated lubar discs
1584: My doctor prescribed this and took me off of all "narcotics". I am in pain,and as my husband pointed out to me,suicidal. It scares me how quickly my mood changed. My doctor does not care as long as he does not have to be responsible for prescribing narcotics. I live in northern Utah and I need a doc who cares about the patient and not the narcotics officers that are threatening docs. I wish this drug had worked for me,now I am out of options.
1585: After taking my very first pill for the first night, I slept so good, woke up energized for the first time in a very long time! Can't wait until I start taking 2 aday! I'll keep you posted.
1586: this med after I took it for a couple of moths I started to swell in my feet and I gained a few pounds.
1587: Should I ask my Dr about increasing dose? So far I have got some relief from pain in my feet.
1588: I injured my back and was in unbearable pain, nothing helped, not pt, painkillers, anti inflammatories. I couldn't walk and had to use a cane. As a last resort my Dr gave me gabapentin and over time my pain drastically reduced enough so I could function and eventually exercise. Now here I am using it again for a failed surgery for plantars fasciitis. The pain has subsided drastically, every step used to feel like I was walking on glass. I do find that I miss taking an anti-inflammatory for my joint pain as that still bothers me
1589: I started taking gabapentin along side my regular pain medication which has been 5mg oxycodone.  I also suffer from depression due to my illness and it does seem to help with that also.
1590: It made me deathly ill. diarea and vomiting  had to go to er for fluids and treatment
1591: I had to quit working before I started this medication.  It has taken the burning away. I have been on this medication for 10 years. Yes, it has side effects, but to be almost pain free, is worth it! I just found out, though, that it can make you susceptible to osteoporosis, which I was never told by the doctor.
1592: It has help me control anxiety!  Much better than other anxiety medications and I am told not addictive
1593: It is a miracle drug for my foot nerve pain due to lack of blood circulation.
1594: I've been using for over a year for lower back pain. Have not noticed any side effects. I feel better than I have in many years.
1595: I have extensive pain from hep c treatment and take 800 mg 3 times a day ,better than morphine I was on , but not really helpling any more. weight gain and terrifying dreams,tired all the time.
1596: Gabipentin took care of the burning in my feet,I have taken this for about a year, now all of a sudden I am falling down, I have no sense of balance and I noticed i am walking with a alarming rate right before I fall. I have looked at all my meds on the web and this is the only one that has these side effects.I have noticed the tremors in my hands. I have a call into my Dr. right now. I take 3 (300 mg per day)
1597: I use Gabapentin for the control of Migraine headaches.  It helps but does not totally block Migraines.
1598: I'm on a very low dose, 300-600mg once a day (at night).  I take it for neuropathic pain caused by 2 herniated disks impinging on my S1 and L5 nerve roots.  After being on it for a couple weeks, the pain, weakness, and numbness in my leg is significantly reduced, even during the day.      But the side effects - extreme sleepiness, dry eyes and mouth, blurry vision...did I mention *extreme* drowsiness and general brain fuzziness? - seem to be getting worse rather than better as I continue to take it.  Sometimes I'm still sleepy and weird-feeling the next day, even though I only take it at night.      But I will keep taking it, because otherwise I can barely walk or physically function.Read More Read Less
1599: I had nerve pain in my upper theogh that woke me up at night.  Ihad just been Dx with Diabetes. I had relief after three nights.
1600: Eliminated sharp sporadic from spinal column which I had been experiencing for years after L1-L5 were fused. Very satisfied; had not expected much relief.
1601: i STILL HAVE THE NERVE PAIN ON THE LEFT SIDE OF NECK AND HEAD.  IT KEEPS THE PAIN SOMEWHAT AT BAY BUT BY NO MEANS STOPS THE PAIN.
1602: No meds were working my Life sucked could Not go any wehre a week in brighams and womens and   it seems to work great thank you
