1: I struggled with bipolar disorder my entire life. My depression lasted years with little to no breaks. I had a manic episode that caused me to seek outpatient care. Where I was diagnosed with psychosis and then prescribed Olanzapine. I’ve been taking it for a little over 3 months. The symptoms I’m experiencing are increase in apatite and weight gain. However if you are an athlete like me the symptoms should be manageable. Olanzapine helps with insomnia as well. During my manic episodes racing thoughts would keep me awake. These racing thoughts and delusional thinking at that have subsided although they haven’t stopped entirely. I like Olanzapine and I don’t think you should be afraid of trying it to help with your mood. It’s a very good mood stabilizer.Read More Read Less
2: It kills off all the negative thought in one stroke, one pill of 10 mg kills it after days of hallucinations, as for weight gain I suggest you associate more with sex and love than food, because sex and food are interchangeable, you can choose, also eat only twice a day and in evening eat snack, have more sex and less food, don't eat bread or rice, if you are on spiritual path then it helps take away the visions, you can imagine seeing Jesus and it is just your mind playing trick, Olanzapine will ground you and let you progress in meditation and silence, you are faced with 2 choices, either rot and die or take advantage of the sanity Olanzapine provide to seek spiritual, find someone you love and have sex rather than eat, and meditate, because your soul is not your mind, but without a calm mind you cannot reach the soul, also I heard that enlightened people cannot sleep because of too much light, and sleep rejuvenate so if you are enlightened, Olanzapine can help you sleepRead More Read Less
3: From the first day I tried this I hated it, but was stuck on it for some unknown reason (trauma maybe?) then three years later, still stuck on it and things manage to get worse. Now five and a half years later and they got EVEN WORSE. I was able to lower from 15mg to 10mg but am stuck on that now and life could not be worse. This drug has completely ruined me, high blood pressure since I started it, weight gain, smoking habit that I cannot stop no matter what I do, not to mention the constant fear and terror I feel on it that drives me to try another antipsychotic just to realize i'm either too addicted to this one or none of the other antipsychotics out there work. I didn't have a choice in taking this but if you do... PLEASE look for an alternative, this thing will cripple you and enslave you all in the same go.Read More Read Less
4: restlessness, can not sit still,trouble sleeping,seeing shadow's, hearing voices
5: This drug took away all of my anxiety and helps me to sleep. The only complaint I have is that I've  broken out with a rash. I will see the doctor tosee if the rash is from the med.
6: less fear, good sleeping
7: Zyprexa caused seizures and convulsions for me after taking it for three years. I took the smallest dose during this time. The first two years were ok. When this medication takes over it WILL destroy your life. It should be discontinued as a medicine.
8: I took largactil from 1980 - 98 - not a very nice drug and it gave me tardive dystonia - restricted the movement in my neck.  In 1999 a new psychiatrist gave me olanzapine - it made me relaxed with a slight feeling of euphoria - My whole body was relaxed not like the stiffness I had all the years I took largactil - I even got my normal handwriting back!  Olanzapine also helps with sleep - including when an inpatient on a noisy ward. It was a new drug then and my psychiatrist said that some of his patients were calling it a miracle drug. It does increase the appetite - about an hour after a meal I would feel very hungry again.  A doctor said to me watch that - I did not and put 3 stone of weight on.  However my psychiatrist said that after a certain time on olanzapine - at least a year the appetite goes back to normal.  This was true and after a lot of abstinence I lost all the 3 stone in weight.  I would feel very tired early - about 9 pm but at least I got up in the morning easily - when I took largactil it was very hard to get up in the morning.  It is a much better and safer drug.  The only other side effect I noticed was a slight twitch at the side of my mouth - once every 3 or 4 months.  After several years the tardive dystonia improved somewhat.  Sadly, when I went to hospital for a rest and to avoid the kids smashing my windows in 2011 - so I was not ill - I offended the psychiatrist (different man from before) and the staff so they forced on me risperidone knowing it was a torture and made me stay on it for months.  It did horrid things to my body, made the tardive dystonia worse again and took away all sleep.  That psychiatric ward should be closed down because the staff are very cruel. However the drug Olanapine was great for me.Read More Read Less
9: It helped at first. I was prescribed 5mg for mania. It instantly knocks you out but gives you a LOT of side effects. I went from being an athlete with abs at 78kg to 115kg almost prediabetic. Be careful with this medication.
10: 1/2 a pill lowered my blood sugars!  much more effective than insulin.
11: i'm unsure how this medication is to work for me so i don't know what great help i should be having from taking this edication
12: I am being treated as delusional
13: The only thing olanzapine is good for is unbelievable quick weight gain.  After gaining 25 pounds in 2 weeks, I stopped taking it.  I was talked in to giving it another try about a year later as I was having a major depressive episode and promptly gained another 25 pounds with no improvement in mood.
14: Olanzipine does what It needs to do however it can cause weight gain and essesive eating later during the night after taking it. I struggled with my weight ever since 2018 being on it. I've managed to introduce excises once a day for 2 has a day. I was a over 100 kiols and maneged to get in the 90s now. If you don't want to gain weight suggest other medications as olanzipine without excises and poor diet leads to extreme weight gain. Hope my advise can help you
15: N/A still not sleeping
16: have major OCD! My son wont take anuything but it kills me to see him so Obsessive!
17: Presented with an extreme manic/pschotic episode and initially diagnosed schizoform. Medication was very effective within 2-3 days. On reflection my major side effect was mild/moderate depression. Continued medication for 1 1/2 years until moving out of state.    Was then rediagnosed Bipolar and was recommended to switch medications to a combination of Depakote and Citalopram. I reluctantly made the switch eventually without trouble.    Since then I have had one instance when severe stress has allowed the manic phase to 'leak through'. I was again given Olanzapine and the manic symptoms disappeared immediately. I was able to discontinue Olanzapine within 1-2 weeks.    My psychiatrist and I now use Depakote as the background medication for the manic phase and on any indication of returning manic symptoms we use Olanzapine as a temporary 'brake' with great effectiveness.Read More Read Less
18: I find olanzapine to be a good treatment for bipolar disorder, and have no side effects
19: This medication helped get me back on track after an experience with a bad psychiatrist.  I lost a couple years.  It really helps with delusions, voices and racing thoughts.  It also has a calming effect.  It helped my thoughts become more organized.  It definitely has some side effect like feeling like your in a coma or detached feelings. Also walking is more difficult so I take the lowest possible dose now 2.5 mg. It keeps you mood in neutral with no highs and lows.  One disappointing down side is that you won’t have an orgasm during sex anymore.Read More Read Less
20: I took Olanzipine due to midnight awakening. And it helped for sure. I slept throughout the night for 7 or 8 hours when I took the medicine. But the side effects were terrible. I gained weight which is a common side effect. And even worse than that I started to see and imagine things on my skin starting from having tightly packed holes or pores on my skin out of which little things came out and later insects or clusters of pins attached to my skin and sometimes spikes coming out of my skin which made me go crazy because it made me feel really uncomfortable. Even seeing images or videos of things like that made me go crazy. I couldn't even look at the Coronavirus symbol because it had things coming out of it and I imagined it on my skin. This is a terrible side effect which made me immediately stop the pill and it is taking months for this side effect to ware off. I hate this pill and advise against it
21: I had been taking Cymbalta an antidepressant for depression and anxiety symptoms. The Cymbalta was working well but I would still have occasional flare-ups of depression and anxiety with racing thoughts and repetitive thoughts when certain situations would arise. This additional medication started working immediately on the smallest dos. It does make me sleepy but my racing thoughts and repetitive thoughts are gone after just 2 days and now I'm on my fifth day. this is an absolute Lifesaver for me. My head is clear I can concentrate and my mood is even more positive and elevated. with the addition of this medication I will probably even be able to back down a little bit oh my Cymbalta dose.  I feel like the self That I Used to Be 30 years ago before I got sick. for me this is been a miracle drug. I pray for the people that struggle the way I have that this will work just as well for them.Read More Read Less
22: 20 Days of mania makes for a very irritable me. Doc gave me this, and it has helped to bring me down slowly opposed to just crashing. Dry mouth is a bitch though.
23: It has made me sleep easier and caused the voices that I was hearing to stop. But it have some side effects. I have gained weight from 141 pounds to 165. It has caused me to gained some breasts and I'm a man. My intelligence have suffered because the decreased brain activity. My brain activity has gone below normal. So I have a harder time at college because of this.
24: I have ADHD, am Manic Bipolar, and suffer from Schizophrenia. Since I started on taking this about 8 or 9 months ago, I have had some major changes. On the positive I see fewer "shadows" and hear fewer things. I take a combination of medications and have for over 15 years. My family and I, all noticed the change for the better, after about 3 months of adding this to my regimen. I would recommend this to anyone that suffers from some of the same issues. The worst thing about it, to me is the weight gain; it's been drastic for me. I gained about 15 to 20 pounds in the first 2-3 months. I have always had an "over active" metabolism, but this is the first time in my life I've been overweight. I feel the effect it's had for me is worth the weight gain; it's the 1st medication that has had a major effect other then Prozac. I just have to exercise a little more than before
25: Prompted visual and aural hallucinations. Bad side effects. Would not recommend to anyone.
26: Olananzapine has been known to cause breast cancer .that more than enough for me to quit taking it .ive been sick to death for over a month with headaches hot fashes and nausea i feel like I'm dying and hope the withdrawal symptoms go away soon its been awful feeling sick every day .been on olanzapine for three yrs
27: This medication was not helpful for my manic episode.  It caused my manic episode to cycle around faster and last longer.  I felt terrible on this medication.
28: It makes me sleepy during the day
29: the best medication I have had, no side effects at all..
30: I have been on Zyprexa since 2000. This medication has saved my life I feel. I am working. I live a good life. I am fairly happy. Things are good. I believe this medication can work for certain people. Best wishes to you all. There is hope.
31: I've been on olanzapine for 3 years now. I had a lot of side effects like drooling, heavy eye lids numbness, which went away after a few weeks. The biggest negative side effect is weight gain. I gained 50lbs on it, and now I'm overweight. I'm trying to lose all the weight by working out and eating healthy. Overall, it has helped me to stop hearing voices, delusional thinking, and mood swings.
32: I started taking this medication a few months ago for bipolar 2 as a substitute for Latuda which my insurance didnâ??t cover fully. I cannot say enough good things about this medication. I take it at night and I sleep so soundly and contrary to other reviews I have been able to lose 25 lbs through calorie counting. I feel very happy and balanced, like the best version of me. Thank goodness for olanzapine!
33: The weight gain is killing people mine has doubled
34: I am taking this medication in addition to other medications to treat depression/PTSD.  I have only been on this for 1-month and have noticed the following negative side effects:  a slight weight increase (5 lbs), frequent headaches, increased anxiety attacks, decreased sex drive, and difficulty waking completely in the morning.  On the positive side, my night terrors have decreased.  I will continue taking  this medication for another month to see if the negative side affects improve.
35: I’m a 16 year old teenage girl. I’ve been taking this since I was 5. It is super effective  at treating my bipolar and anger. I take 20 mg
36: Put on 3 stone, hooked on this drug, cant get off it
37: I was first diagnosed with major depression when I was 10.  I had a series of events that led up to my diagnosis: raped by a priest; narcissistic mother that divorced my father for money; was told I was completely responsible for my mother's happiness by my mother, father tried to commit suicide all before I was 9.  I begged my mother to take me to a psychiatrist or psychologist.  She didn't want to take me because it would embarrass her.  After 1 year of begging she finally took me, for 2 sessions.  I took extra courses during the school year, and finished my first 2 years of college before my 16th birthday so I could get away from what was adding to my problems.  On my 16th birthday I left home and stayed with a friend for a month until I graduated.  I was still under my step-father's insurance and I made an appointment to see a doctor.  It wasn't long into the first session that he realized the diagnosis of Major Depression was correct.  I never experienced happiness or mania and was placed on Prozac.  It definitely helped for a couple of years.  I was still depressed, but not suicidal.  Eventually in my early 20's I found the psychiatrist, that also did therapy, who saved my life.  I tried every anti-depressant, Cymbalta made me suicidal, but ended up finding something that worked, and he gave me xanax for my panic attacks.  So many years later I still suffer from depression, self-worth, self-esteem.  My doctor just put me on this drug to augment the prozac, to augment the Effexor.  I asked him for something for anxiety and panic attacks.  The reviews all seem to be negative.  Has anyone experienced a positive reaction, less depression, less anxiety.  If not I will go back to the doctor immediately.  Thank you for any feedback.Read More Read Less
38: It is unconscionable that a website that holds itself out as a provider of accurate information would say that this drug "restores the balance" of "natural" substances in the brain. This theory has been disproved for more than three decades and is complete poppycock. In clinical trials, this drug performed no better than typical antipsychotics and led to more side effects. That's because olanzapine doesn't target any particular neurological system in the brain, but basically targets all of them in crap shoot fashion. Disrupting any of them (dopaminergic, serotinergic, etc.) leads to dramatic side effects, and that is exactly what this drug does: it DISRUPTS those systems - it doesn't "restore" them to balance. That's not to mention the nasty, prolonged withdrawal syndrome you will experience when and if you try to get off of it
39: I took Olanzapine from 1997-2013, so I have a lot of experience.  Worst part: my weight DOUBLED in a few months.  I went from 93 lbs to 186.  I am only 5'2" so I rocketed into obesity.  Pro: gradually over several years, I was able to accept my illness.  And the awful weight gain.  One day I woke up and saw color instead of the gray I'd been in for years.  The voices went away after 10 years on the medication.  Depression eased but I was also taking 3 antidepressants at the same time.  Any good it did may simply have been a matter of time, not a med effect.  Con:  I slept 16 hrs a day.  I totally lost my sense of humor.  I was a total zombie.  I could not read or watch a movie and understand any of the plot or follow the dialogue.  It was hell getting off  of it even with 2 yrs of very slow careful tapering.  I lost 60 lbs once off of it and regained my sense of humor.  In my living will I asked not to ever be put on olanzapine again.  Ever.  It is one of the worst things that ever happened to me.Read More Read Less
40: Used with Metformin to balance the chemical imbalance, which is the downside of this drug, can in my case ease the negative side affects. Research this very common drug, I did and the doctor prescribed it.
41: Have been taking only four days, Really helps with the Bipolar Insomnia. May not get a lot of sleep, but the quality of sleep is greatly improved feel refreshed if only sleeping a few hours. A side effect is now I have the appetite of Velociraptor!
42: I have only been on this medicine for 8 days. It has helped some but I still cant sit still or focus
43: Was going through post traumatic stress disorder and my psychiatrist doctor prescribe olanzipan 2.5mg.it help me sleep at night but with the side effects of palpitations, trembling, numbness etc.apart from these side effect the medication has help me subsided my symptoms. But very difficult in dealing with side effects of medicine. But don't plan taking it for a long period
44: For acute psychosis, was prescribed 5mg tablets. Taking them at night, I still had severe drowsiness through the day. I split it into 2.5mg pills (doctor approved) and still took at night, which worked well for me. Almost immediately eliminated delusions and hallucinations, and I felt my mood improve (I also experience depression). I didn’t take the medication one night to see if the psychosis had lessened; I hallucinated again and took the 2.5 dose and it worked fo eliminate symptoms within 1 hour.

Can’t speak to long term treatment (though that’s likely where I’m headed).Read More Read Less
45: I have OCD and Generalized Anxiety Disorder. I started taking Olanzapine because of an acute OCD episode. It helped me so much, but I couldn't deal with the side effects. It basically eliminated my OCD thoughts and it also helped me sleep better. But, I gained a lot of weight quickly and my cholesterol went up a lot. So I decided to discontinue the medicine.
46: When I was 25 I was diagnosed with Severe Manic Bi-Polar Disorder. What a relief, I finally had a reason why I acted the way I did. Tried every cocktail of pills imaginable. I live in a constant state of mania.  The mania is so bad I actually woke up in the middle of heart surgery, and they couldn’t put me back out.    When I was 37 I decided no more meds. I had a good ten years, now it’s back with a vengeance. I got a new job. I didn’t realize I was so manic until a few people asked me if I was “coked up” I went to my Dr. and he added Olanzapine to my current cocktail. It’s only been a week, but I am very calm inside.   A big part of me is my big personality. The way society is, it’s better that they think I’m a coke head than tell them the truth, that I have a mental illness.   I already have what they call flat affect. No highs, no lows, nothing. I feel nothing.   I feel like they just medicate us so we can try to fit into the “norms of society”. I am emotionally chemically restrained. I don’t fit in anywhere. I’m not suicidal or homicidal. This is a horrible roller coaster to be on, and all the psychiatrist does is let you talk for about an hour and refills scripts. They don’t really want to address the actual trauma that got me here
47: I had psychosis. I took this medication because of the psychosis and possible bipolar. I was very tired the first two weeks of use. I went from 150 pounds to 183 pounds within a month and a half of use. It helped with the psychosis, but the weight gain was not worth it. I am trying to get off of this medication.
48: This medication as helped allow me to see when my mood swings are getting out of control and allows me to take a time out when I fear I am getting angry or when I feel I might harm some one.
49: This medicine is horrible. I am 14 years old and gained almost 80 pounds taking it from January to June. My family members told me i was acting meaner and was very tired when I was on it, but it reduced my symptoms of OCD, so i stayed on it. Please do not take this medicine.... find an alternative I did like 2 -3 weeks ago and ive already lost almost 10 pounds.
50: Heavy metal Poisoning from Titanium Dioxide and Iron oxide. Clear correlation.   Opadry is a company that big pharma uses for psychiatric meds. I suggest doing a lot of research. I took copious amounts of hyxrooxyzine HCL as reccomended for anxiety for over 1 month and developed schitzophrenia. Very clear correlation and and buildup in symptoms.  Metal induced schitzophrenia can be removed completely if caught right away.   Solution:  -Copious amounts of vitamin C (liposomal is best) combined with MSM (2,000mg)   -Drink tons of water and exercise to sweat to excrete wastes   -Sauna or steam room or sweat toxins  -Dr. Christopher’s blood stream formula (first school of natural medicine in the western United States) used to treat for heavy metal poisoning.   -Dr. Schulze potent detox herbs   -frequent Epsom salt baths in distilled water   -Cilantro and Chlorella (very powerful removing heavy metal poisoning) concentrated tincture   -Vitamin B12, Vitamin B1, folic acidic. Neuroprotective. Chia seeds, hemp seeds, flax oil, neuro nourishing.   -Vitamin C injection if severe  -Eat only organic foods, lots of vegetables, fruits. Organic blueberries are high in anti-oxidants.   -Eat balance amount of fats. Chia seeds, non-lignan flax oil, hemp seeds are most effective. Fats are very important for brain health.   -Drink tons of water. Reverse osmosis or distilled water with trace minerals added, spring water is OK. -Tap water is Southern California is hard and municipal water supply contains toxic chemicals  -Culligan charcoal water filter attaches to vitamin C filter (found on amazon)   -Ginger, Tumeric with food   -Chinese medicine doctor, Naturopathic doctor ND, DO, for herbs.Read More Read Less
51: did not sedate me   sugar pill
52: Olanzapine is responsible for turning my life from worse to very worse. Trade in medicine I advise patients with  schizoaffective disorder to not to give it caused me Hallucination deep anxiety dizziness due to oleanseptin Dizziness Increase in weight Pain in the body Deep sleep Poor concentration I lost 6 years of age I am a victim of olanzapine from the dark side
53: makes me tired,weight gain
54: headache  dreams   apples
55: it help my acid reflux
56: The side effect of weight increasing is very common as informed by the Doctor.  Worried as I see my son who is on this medicine has increased weight.
57: STAY AWAY FROM THIS MEDICATION! It has been absolute h*ll
I started this drug after pregnancy about 2.5 years ago. At first it seemed like it was really stabilizing my mood… but then everything started happening
I was getting VERY nauseous every single day 
I was living off nausea meds for the last 2.5 years .. there wasn’t a single day that went by that I didn’t take them. My doctor just kept saying it wasn’t my meds. Next… I gained 80+ pounds while on this medication which…. GAVE ME TYPE 2 DIABETES!!!!
My other doctor (my primary care doctor) told me this medication caused all these issues and didn’t know why my doctor didn’t get me off sooner
Ok… so eventually in may I start weening down
I was at 10mg
Then 7.5
To 5mg and then 2.5mg
A week ago my doctor said “hey it’s such a small dosage just completely stop taking it if you want”
So I did…. I AM HAVING THE WORST WITHDRAWAL 
she never mentioned any of this! I have been sleeping next to a garbage can for 5 days! I am dizzy, shaking, i have the chills and am extremely cold
She told me nobody gets withdrawals 
Last night I googled it (please do research on this drug) and NUMEROUS (a TON) of people had the exact same experience as me and their withdrawal was HORRIBLE! Some said it lasted weeks to months… and they had horrible lingering effects from this drug
This drug has RUINED MY LIFE
Since getting off and lowering my dose I have lost 16 pounds in 6 weeks
So this medication just made me eat eat and EAT
it was horrible 
I now have diabetes and have to work on that every single day 
I was sick for 2.5 years of MY LIFE!!!!
This drug is horrible. I don’t understand why they still prescribe it to people! I am not the only one with this experience… please do your research!!!Read More Read Less
58: I was finally given this medication after suffering with severe daily anxiety for six months. I have only been on it for a week. I worked immediately, and the anxiety is dwindling away. I agree with one of the other reviewers in that it saved my life.
59: I was very depressed /not sleeping and had major problems with restless legs twitching at night.  This medication was magic for the first 3 nights then I developed severe swollen knee joints and by the 5 day I couldn't bend my knees to walk up a step. Doctor took me off the meds and my knees returned to normal but the restless legs came back with a vengance.  I was told to take a magnesium and calcium suppliment and the restless leg problem went away.
60: FOUND THIS MEDICINE VERY EASY AND WOULD PUT ME TO SLEEP, JUST HAVE TO FORCE YOURSELF GETTING OUT OF BED COME MORNING
61: Be careful, this drug can cause EXTREME withdrawal symptoms if you try to go off them. 

I am not sure why they prescribed this to me for normal depression, but this medication wasn’t helping me at all. 

I never had trouble sleeping before, but I became dependent on this drug to sleep. I cannot sleep without it anymore. 

The worst is how, even while tapering off with the help of a professional, I get extremely sick if I stop taking it. Constant nausea and vomiting and intense anxiety attacks that don’t stop until I begin taking it again. Numerous times, I have spent two weeks throwing up nonstop and being bedridden before I gave up and began taking the medication again. To this day I continue to be dependent and addicted to a drug I do not need. 

I cannot speak for its effectiveness with schizophrenia or insomnia, as I do not have those.Read More Read Less
62: Been on this medication for over 20 years. Puts my bipolar in check. Able to live a normal life. Married, have children & have been self employed & also have a cdl.
63: my dose has been doubled this week and i am having dizziness but not sure if it is the drug.
64: having trouble urninating when bladder is full.
65: witnin first 6mths of durg use was a real good motivator i felt like doing more but now its akinda one level all the time and have injuries that it seems like its increasing the pain and feels like i have an infection in my neck
66: I have been taking olanzapine for four years. It has worked well to improve my sleep. I recently had major life stress and psych increased to 5mg night and 2.5mg morning, to date it has helped with anxiety so hoping this will help. I gained 20kg in first year eating junk foods and just recently joined weight watchers. I have lost 10kg while on olazapine.
67: Severe sleep deprivation over months, and major life stressor were piling up until I began chasing my tail. I was placed on Cybalta and Zyprexa, and within days, I was sleeping, eating to regain 20 lbs. I lost in 3 months of racing thoughs. I have dry mouth as side effect. I have my personality back, and I can smile again. The stressors can't be changed, but they real and I effect only those I can effect. mouth00000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000Read More Read Less
68: Does nothing.
69: i suffer from PTSD do to combat,and been taking this for 9 months.my dr. had tried 4 other types of meds that did not work. i smoke pot every day 10 joints to help with back spasums cuz the meds i am given for the spasums makes me very sleepy and i do not get anything done. well my mental health dr. tells me the meds do not work cuz of the weed i smoke.
70: EXTREME HUNGER AND WEIGHT GAIN OF 12-16 LBS PER MONTH.  RESEARCHED AND FOUND OUT THAT IT CAUSES WEIGHT GAIN IN FAT CELLS EVEN IF NOT EATING.  MANY OTHER BAD SIDE EFFECTS.
71: stable moods weight gain
72: I have 21 year old son take this to get away from other prescription meds he seems to be addicted to.n He was prescribed this as it had the side effect of feeling HIGH.    THIS IS A WARNING TO prescription med abusers....My son frequently fell over, has dribbled uncontrollably  - says use care while taking this.....he crashed the car as he had memory loss....PLEASE DO NOT take this med if you dont have to......It REALLY has strong side effects and this comes from the mother of a kid who has tried EVERYTHING known to mankind!!!    Thanks - Concerned MomRead More Read Less
73: My mother was diagnosed with late onset Alzheimer's dementia and had a prior history of frequent outbursts, ease to anger, escalation of simple situations to screaming, and predominantly negative thinking. It was becoming very difficult to be around her because even on Christmas Day with a presentation of gifts and anticipation of nice dinner being prepared for her, she escalated to a screaming rage within 20 minutes of arrival. She has been on Olanzapine since March 2022 (in conjunction with Fluoxetine) and the changes have been dramatic: No inappropriate outbursts and anger triggers have significantly diminished. She reports feeling much calmer and less stressed (and even her blood pressure has been consistently lower :) In addition, she had no negative side effects and no drowsiness. This drug was a life-saver for her and her family!Read More Read Less
74: Stopped my anxiety attacks (two recent visits to ER). At the ER they gave me lorazepam. My doctor put me on 5 mg per day olanzapine because lorazepam is a depressant and could trigger another anxiety atack (paradoxically even though it is an antianxiolitic) before the flouxetine he also prescribed stabilizes me. I had to reduce to 2.5 mg after first dose of olanzapine because of severe lethargy (My doctor said it was okay to split the 5 mg pill in half - NOTE: He made sure I was NOT a diabetic prior to prescribing olanzapine with a fasting blood test). I was also prescribed 20 mg fluoxetine a day. I am a bipolar-I with no manic episode for over 15 years but a constant struggle with depression. I took fuoxetene for over 10 years and had been off it and any other medication but 81 mg of aspirin a day for over three years. I had never had an anxiety attack in my life before this. I am now one week into this therapy. I was given olanzapine as a bridge for two or three weeks until the fluoxetene kicks in to prevent depression triggered anxiety attacks. So far I have had some dry mouth and a very brief tingling and numbness in my hands but nothing serious. However, due to the fact that olanzapine modifies body chemistry to try to favor metabolizing lipids in a higher priority than carbohydrates (the reverse of normal biochemistry), I wouldn't want to take this drug too long. That mechanism is what can lead to diabetes type II
75: Olanzapine did not work for me, my psychosis symptoms did not improve at all, if anything it made them worse.     It made me constantly dizzy and very tired. I could barely function, or even keep my eyes open, I would sometimes fall asleep sitting up. Constant napping there was no choice. I felt like a zombie with no feelings or emotions which is worse than my original condition imo. And the worst part is you do not have a sex life when on this medication at all! No desire to have sex, it actually hurts to have sex and it's impossible to orgasm    I was a pretty small person to begin with around 120-125 and I eat a healthy low carb/sugar diet, no processed foods mostly organic fresh vegtables and oils, never over eating. So when my doctor told me that I would probably gain weight I didn't think it would actually happen but I took it for 7 months and I ended up weighing 166! It was so depressing and now I have permanent stretch marks on my body :( I don't take any medication any more and I honestly feel so much better. Also if you research olanzapine it's a pretty dangerous drug and has killed a lot of people.   Read More Read Less
76: My mother's psychiatrist had her on this drug to help her sleep.  It worked, but now she has a hard time walking and she has several other things wrong with her that are apparently side effects of this drug.  I can't believe her doctor prescribed this pill for sleep.  She has taken my mother off of it, but now my mother will probably never be able to walk right.  The doctor even suggested she go to a neurologist because she thought she might have Parkinson's.  It bothers me that the doctor didn't know that this drug may cause Parkinson's symptoms.  I am beyond furious.Read More Read Less
77: They start using this medicine for my dad yday after that he see some people around us and talk to nobody he imagine some people come and go and he see animals and snakes I advise nobody used this poison plz safe your life it’s like drugs ????????????Be careful. Only one time and my father became like crazy talking to himself and confused. Bad medicine I wish they stopped
78: I am still on a low dosage and feel I need to have a higher dosage as my symptoms have increased in severity over time. although almost immediatley after using olanzapine I felt a difference and everyone involved with me commented on how i changed very quickly. Only downside to this is that I change back quickly if I miss a pill.
79: if you take prozac like me and not much ever helps,I have to recommend Olanzapine. It really works for me,and thats saying something
80: In my opinion, this med is a heavy sedation type of drug. Therefore, i take my dose at 10pm every night. When i wake up around 8am, my brain feels like it has been 'erased' from the previous manic day.I feel refreshed, although a bit sluggish from medication 'hang-over'. This goes away with a cup of coffee and a bit of fresh air and sunshine in the morning.The first person i speak with actually sets the mood for me for that day.[please be in a cheerful mood for me!!!]
81: This was given to my son without the psychiatrist researching interactions and/or side effects.  Wondering if I should sue the pharmaceutical company or the prescribing doctor??
82: Tried samples for a week from the doctor with good results.  Went to get a prescription filled for it, STICKER SHOCK!  Check your insurance co-pay before trying.
83: It hasn't helped me with my anger and yelling  this drug is weak and pitiful  it doesn't work for me my anger is still there mentally  and  emotionally  hurting physically and mentally  I hate it
84: Ilike it
85: So far the anxiety and severe to slight depression have been easing and the "sunlight" is back in my life.  Am able to follow through and organize myself better.  (Also have AAD, this has helped concentration and hopefully the doctor will increase dosage until I can actually remember where I left my coffee cup every single time.)
86: I’m bipolar and it’s been fairly under control for a long time with just little hypomanic episodes here and there lasting a few days at the most. Recently though I started a hypomanic episode that got progressively worse and I knew I had to call my doctor for help and she put me on this med. she told me from the get go that it’s a “heavy hitter” and I’ve taken enough psych meds to know how that goes. This is my fourth day on it and I have been seriously been sleeping most of each day and am groggy when I’m not sleeping nodding off while watching tv or on my computer. As for stopping the hypomania I can’t tell if it’s doing anything and luckily my doctor said I would be on it less than 2 weeks, oh and I am only on 2.5mg! Thank goodness I am not working right now because I probably would be fired as there is absolutely NO way I can work while taking this. I am also fortunate enough (or unfortunate) to have lots of experience in taking new psych meds so I know they can make you tired. I’m going to see how I feel when I hit one week but I REFUSE to take this more than 2 weeks, I’d rather be hypomanic Read More Read Less
87: This medicine caused me incredible problems after 2 months of use. After the planting, hell ensued. It took me a whole year to start feeling better, I hardly slept all year, I lost my appetite, I was constantly shaking, I was alternately cold and hot. I was mentally at the bottom. I couldn't live normally. It wasn't until a year later that it started to improve, then I started my own medicine and in 1/2 year I was completely healthy and without consequences. Now I'm going to file a lawsuit against the doctor.Read More Read Less
88: some what always want to eat or snack on something.some miner improvement's,but I've been using it for about 4 month,s now.hope to see more in future..
89: I have Bi-Polar with psychotic features, and I was having a difficult time sleeping. So my psychiatrist started me on a low dose of Olanzapine. It works great; I finally got a good night's sleep.
90: I was prescribed this medication as Zyprexa, a "mood stabilizer", not knowing that it is really an anti-seizure drug. My throat swelled shut on less than 1mg--I was almost gasping for air.  A few years later a different doctor gave me the same drug as "olanzapine", also not mentioning why I should take it. This time I was prescribed 10mg doses instead of 2.5mg, which the pharmacy failed to notice despite the warning of "allergic to Zyprexa." Never were side effects mentioned by the doctors.  Later I was forcibly injected with this horrible drug after I had told ER personnel to check with the pharmacy, that I was allergic. Instead, I got a high-dose injection (10mg, plus Ativan, plus Haldol) and I went comatose, then got very very ill in my guts.  I could not walk at all. My son said that there was "no speaking with [me] at all" on olanzapine.  I think this is a terrible drug. In the hospital, nearly all the people taking antipsychotics and "mood stabilizers" had iatrogenic (doctor-caused) tardive dyskinesias. These movement disorders are usually permanent, are embarrassing, and stigmatizing. TDs are close to untreatable. I now have done research and believe that nearly all the psychotropics are neuroleptics: they are damaging to nerve cells in the brain.  Not "balancing nerve chemical imbalances" -- as the advertising goes. It took me a long time to get past the nerve spasms I got from forced injections of powerful drugs.  No one at the hospital bothered to ask about trauma, or about what non-drug treatments would help me.  They only offered drugs, drugs, drugs.   I have reported medical malpractice because no one believed me that I could not tolerate Zyprexa/olanzapine. For me, this drug was torture, and put me into a state of being "beside myself", staggeringly unable to speak, walk, express myself, with nerve pains and tingling, with painful constipation followed by relentless diarrhea, constricted airways (I say "coma", the nurse wrote "resting comfortably"!).   Read More Read Less
91: My wife takes this perscription drug as one of many that she is addicted too. She tells me it makes her feelings numb. Our marriage has been pure hell since she started all the meds. Why would you want to mask the real problems you face with a drug?
92: This medication worked wonderfully to get my husband out of a psychotic episode, however in terms of long term use, was almost completely useless. He gained 40 lbs in just a few short months, and was in a virtual vegetative state for the entire year that he was on it. He went off it for a year, had another episode, and is now on a combo of Abilify and Lithium which is a world of difference. If you're prone to weight gain for any reason, talk to your doc about alternatives before Olanzapine.
93: It made me want to sleep all day. It made me so tired , I would have to take a 2hr nap several times a day. I had zero energy.
