1: After 2 weeks of taking Geodon® (Ziprasidone HCL), I experienced abnormal shaking/agitation, irregular heart beat, tachycardia (fast heart beat lasting 5 - 10 minutes), & blood sugar levels rising more than 100 points.  I have discontinued this medication; however, I am slowly returning to a regular heart beat.  I believe that individuals that are overweight, have high blood pressure, with Bipolar/Schizophrenia/Major Depression would NOT be good candidates for this medication.  I believe that the efficacy of the test data has been skewed and the population of the test subjects are insufficient - poor sampling!  Recommendation: Avoid this medication!Read More Read Less
2: I was diagnoised BipolarII 3 months ago. It has taken the doctor 3 months to put me on something for Bipolar. I nor the ones who know me and around me all the time think Im bipolar. Instead everyone including myself feel Im ADHD, I work with children with mental disorders,behavioral problems, and most are ADD/ADHD, so I think I know what Im talking about... The med is to expensive, going to the doc and counselor is exspensive I really think its all about the money and not my health. Geodon sucked the life out of me no one likes to be around me Im not fun I have no personality anymore. I take it at night but I can't function in the morning VERY SLEEPY. Im very zombie like. In bipolar(which I don't think I am) I experience hypomania the most so could it be more me being hyperactive as one would be with ADHD, yeah think so.  Im quit taking it and I will be back to my old self soon. Doctors are a big waste of time. Screw the labels I just want to get better and enjoy my life and have others around me enjoy me again... Its a joke considering my doc has spent a total of 5mins with me in 3 visits, but they are confident that Im bipolar. explain that... Very fed up..
3: When I started the geodon I would get hallucinations when it wore off at the end of a day until I was taking 160MG. (I never hallucinated that much that intensely before I took it.) Then I started to get dizzy and my face would go numb as it wore off. I also would twitch and tense my leg muscles as I tried to relax. Over 4 months of taking it I became emotionally numb, very quiet, and distant from my family. I also required 9-10 hours of sleep at night. When I tried something else I was dizzy for three days like I was withdrawing from it. I don't know witch was worse the illness or the drug both hurt my house hold. Now I am taking seroquel 200mg to sleep and abilify 5mg in the morning. As of now (1 month)I have no noticeable side effects and I don't feel it "wearing off" like the geodon did
4: I was on Vraylar which worked great for me but I lost my health insurance so I was prescribed ziprasidone as an alternative. I should just toss the pills out because I wouldn't recommend it or even sell them because that wouldn't be ethical. I was falling asleep at the wheel. I told my doctor I didn't feel safe so they told me to take half a dosage and I still was having trouble keeping my eyes open at work or behind the wheel. I'd be fully rested but I couldn't function on it. Everyone is different but in my experience you're way better off dying on your own terms.Read More Read Less
5: i love this pill
6: some tingling and some difficulty breathing.
7: First off, I'd like to start by saying that in many instances, mental illness is very hard to diagnose hence the "other".  To get to the point, I have mood & thinking issues maybe part bipolar or part schizoid or some combination.  Geodon / Ziprasidone is a good medicine.  I have had better results, though, with a newer drug called Invega / Paliperidone.  They work very similarly and are in the same class of drugs.  The biggest difference, I think, is that Invega uses technology that lets the drug be released over a 24 hr period which helps manage symptoms better.  Due to the difficulty in diagnosint mental illness, I think in many cases people need to try combinations of drugs untill they find what works best.  I am on Invega 6 mg (switched from Geodon), Depakote ER 1500 mg, & Cymbalta 60 mg.  I think of it as attacking coexisting problems from multiple directions to be free or close to free of symptoms.  Good luck with your treatment..  Remember, Geodon is good but ask about Invega.Read More Read Less
8: I only had to take 1 dose of 60 MG at evening meal and in the middle of the night I awakened to go to the bathroom but not without knocking over a bookcase, falling into the corner of a wall (knot on my head and multiple bruised ribs, huge brusies on my back, bottom and legs).  Crawled (somehow--don't remember) to bathroom  and crawled back to bed--don't remember how.  At 11am the next morning my Mother came to check on me because she'd called me several times w/no answer--I was completely dead drunk...and I don't drink alcohol.  BUT I do take Mirapex and 2 MG of Klonopin and 600 MG of Gabapintin at night. These help me sleep, hold down the extreme anxiety after a manic period. Psych said this was a drug usually administered in the hospital where it could be watched--uh-huh....How I wish this would've worked.  It took me 1 hour to eat one piece of toast at 12pm that 1st day because I kept going to sleep while I was eating it.  Thank goodness for a Mother who has put up with the evil "Ms. Hyde" and still finds time to care for her daughter instead of deserving the daughter to take care of and enjoy time with her.  This drug may help others, but it's not for me.Read More Read Less
9: i felt no difference by taking this medicine.it just made me drowsy all the time.
10: Trastically helps with my depression.  Did not take med for few days and became depressed in matter or days.  Began taking again, and now out of depressive state once again.  Only problem, taking without prescription, get from friend that does not take correct dose and gives it to me.  How do I tell my dr. I'm taking it without prescription and let him know how well it works if I'm not supposed to be taking in the first place?  Other med taking is Wellbuterine.
11: Having a serious bout of Akathisia with this. Very restless, agitated, super hypoanxious/hypomanic. Psych is working on dosage adjustment. Started soon after psych raised dosage from Geo 60mg night only to 40mg A.M. and 60mg P.M. Currently on 60mg A.M. & 60mg P.M. She is taking me down to the 40 A.M., but I think I am going to suggest a goal of 20mg A.M. I HATE the akathisia feeling. It makes me INSANE!! Also on 25mg Zoloft P.M. & 1 mg Xanax 4x daily. Other than that, it has decreased my appetite :):):) and helped curb my mania. Still impulsive hypospending, though. Hopefully, once dosage is adjusted and settles in, this will fade. Have to use Unisom to sleep with extra dose in me, but sleep is awesome and VERY VIVID, LUCID DREAMZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZ:)Read More Read Less
12: too many scary side effects
13: I have been on Seroquel for 7 years it worked fine until my Dr raised it to 200 mg then I got severe muscle spasms. Now I can't sleep so she put me on this Medication, within 2 days I felt as if I was on a bad Acid trip. I had to go to the ER. Got off of it but took 3 days to get it out of my system. My Doctor looked up my medical records and found that I was prescribed this medication 9 years ago from another Dr. And had the same reaction but didn't recall taking it. I was desperate to sleep so I get a Cannabus card for eatables. Wow bad idea  When your Bipolar!! Made it worse.  A word to Parents who put there under age Childeren on these types of bipolar Medacations without knowing how it makes them feel. I took my daughters Medacations for a few days because she complained she felt nausea, and couldn't walk. I felt the same as her. I felt so bad that I had made her take it :(Read More Read Less
14: I have been using Zeldox(Ziprasidone) for 6 months now. I have had to overcome serious problems trying to get enough sleep(or even getting to sleep)with this medication. However I can say I have had real good success getting to sleep with the dietary supplement Melatonin. I cannot stress enough how much good this supplement has made for me-(better sleep, lots of energy, and especially a good mental outlook- feel great since I started taking Melatonin 5-10mg.( My naturalpath recommended this dosage and my doctor approved it too.Read More Read Less
15: gas and bloating,anxiety when try to sleep too anxious to sleep, seem to be clinching teeth,restlessness I've been on med for ten days, haven't slept well for at least 4 days. Stomachache
16: I've been taking Geodon for over 2 months and I've noticed a signifcant improvement in my overall mood and behaviors. Like many, medication is just a part of my 'pie-chart', along with meditaion, eating good, exercise...but, what an important part.  Just remember to get regular check ups:blood test,cholesterol, etc. AND, I just read that Geodon is 1/2 effective if taken on an empty stomach.
17: Yes, this medicine has been very effective when nothing else worked, but after 5 years I got excruciating headaches starting early in the year.... NONSTOP~!  After exhausting the ER with a trip a month and my Doctor's comprehensive tests, which showed nothing, we came to the conclusion that Geodon may be the culprit.  Have reduced meds slowly from 180 a day (topped at 200/day for a short period) down to 80, headaches are still there!  No one told me the consequences of getting off this stuff.  On top of the headaches, dry heaves, body aches, muscle jerking, it's been hell so far.  My Doctor (primary physician) has been researching this drug non stop and we hope to find an end to the pain.  My Psych doctor can't understand what I'm talking about, she's not heard of weaning off this drug being so difficult.  I know it's not just me.      So far tho I'm adjusting to the upper doses of Seroquil to compensate for the Geodon and it's taking care of the mental issues for which I'm grateful.    However, everyone MUST be warned about the incredible difficulty PHYSICALLY getting off this drug.  Had I know it would be this painful and difficult I might have preferred the mental issues to dealing with this severe chronic pain every day.    Good luck and think twice about using this drug
18: feeling aggitated,manic,hearing bad voices feeling unable to consintrate restless cant quit moving,feeling like im gonna die, passing blood from bottom im diabetic on metfrmin,atenol,licinipril,insolin 30 units if high,sad scarred to be left alone,
19: it knocks me out and makes me sleep for 10-12 hours at a time
20: My son has used this medicine for about 4 years.  It has been excellent, but he is not doing well now, he is in a physcotic state and a manic state.  The doctor has increased his dosage and we are praying that it will help him very soon.  He is also on lithium.
21: I have been on Geodon for 6 years.  It was hard to deal with at first because it makes you really sleepy if you do not eat with it.  I still get tired and take naps since I take it twice a day (and most people take it after supper).  But overall it has stopped my panic attacks.  I havent had one since I started it after my daughter was born.  I think it is a great med for bi-polar patients mainly if you have panic disorder.  I dont know what else it works for, but I take other things for depression and anxiety.  I was on 160 mg and have tapered down to 80 mg a day.  I tried going to 40 mg and my body couldnt deal with it.  I started having shortness of breath and I couldnt sleep so I am back to the 80 mg.  Hope this helps!Read More Read Less
22: I was on Quetiapine before this Medication and the difference is huge,  I'm feeling more energetic and my depression has lifted. Instead of sleeping close to 15 hours most days I'm now happy with 8-9 hours sleep. My thinking is clearer and overall I feel in a better space.
23: i am trying to learn all the side effects to it. but most of all i am praying it works.
24: I have had withdrawl symptoms using this med.  So, I slowly wiened myself off of this drug, and hopefully will be prescribed another less potent, but useful med to take it's place.
25: Was on Seroquel which worked ok to Geodon which doesnt work at all plus way to many side effects
26: Before taking Geodon I was out of control   , I was manic and suicidal. I was hospitalized due to these symptoms and the doctors were talking about ECT treatments but I refused them all together. Since I have been on Geodon I haven't had a bad episode of Mania. I also take Latuda for the depression which has made all the difference. It has been a year now since I started the Geodon and I take 80 MG twice a day and have been under control. I recommend this drug to anyone who has Bipolor 1 if they can tolerate it
27: I WAS HAVING TERRIBLE HALLUCINATIONS AND HEARING VOICES.  NOTHING SEEMED TO WORK.  THEN I TRIED THIS AND AM NOW NEARLY SYMPTOM FREE.
28: Taken for Bipolar II- made me a ZOMBIE- could barely walk, talk, etc... HORRIBLE!!
29: I was taking 800mg of Sequeal. My doc. put me on this due to the weight gain of the Sequeal,He said this drug didn't have the side effect of the weight gain.I seems to be working well.
30: I am taking Pristiq 50mg for depression.  The psych decided to give me Geodon to boost Pristiq to help my depression as I am not getting complete relief with Pristiq.  I took Geodon for a total of 4 days.  I was off from work all week because of Geodon.  The first 2 days I took 20mg and felt as if my equilibrium was off & I was off-balance.  Also, for someone who goes to bed by 9:00pm every night, I was up until 1:00am all 4 nights, and even with 6 hrs of sleep, I felt fine the next day.  Everything about what I did and felt was out of character for me.  By the time I hit day 4, I was in the emergency room.  My blood pressure increased to 188/110, I had chest pain, and experienced a day-long panic attack.  It's been 2 weeks since I stopped taking Geodon and I still am experiencing chest pain.  My psych had me stop Geodon and now wants me to take Abilify.  He says that after Geodon, the chest pain I feel is a symptom of a manic episode.  Funny... I NEVER experienced a manic episode in my entire LIFE and it wasn't until I took Geodon that I did.   I need to go see a regular MD to make sure there isn't any permanent cardiovascular damage, as I still feel awful.  This drug is dangerous in my opinion.  If your doctor prescribes this for you, be sure you are monitored VERY carefully.  This is not a drug you mess with at all.Read More Read Less
31: she is not improving so she is always changing medication.shehas been on this for about 5 years on and off. also in and out of treatment, siince she was a young woman she has been treated by at least 15 different drs. and now i'm nuts. help the medication is not working for her  and it damn sure isn't helping me any so how can i give any stars. iforgot she was also told she is schizophernic
32: Geodon works very well for me. I have been taking it for two years now for my bi polar disorder, I'm hypo manic and it manifests itself in shopping of all things. And the Geodon really works for me because it controls my spending thousands of dollars on things I absolutely do NOT need. It helps me sleep too.
33: This is my 4th time returning to geodon I am bi-polar type one with mixed episodes I switch and alterate between saphris and geodon it has alwaysed helped me and will continue to go back and forth when I build a tolerance I am taking 60 mg but I have been as high as 120 mg and it works just fine
34: I have been on Geodone for about 2 years. I don't have any side effects that I'm aware of. My doc sometimes has to adjust the anti-depressants that I take.  But the Geodone really helps me a lot with paranoia and the manic, angry side of this condition.
35: the worst side effect is itchiness.  it also has not relieved my symptoms to the point i would like.  i would say it cut my symptoms in half.
36: I have been taking ziprasidone (geode) 40mg HCL for a while. I have not had a schizophrenic episode yet. I have not had any symptoms relating to psychosis and my paranoia has been controlled. I do have some side effects but I would much rather have side effects than psychosis. I take this at night time before I sleep. 
My first side effect is leg shaking. When I was in a higher dose, I would shake my legs a lot. My psychiatrist said this was restless leg syndrome and prescribed me propranolol. I take 30mg of propranolol and I do not shake my legs. I shake my legs unconsciously but it depends on the day. 
My second side effect is that I sleep a lot. I sleep for maybe 9-12 hours and if I wake up mid sleep I have this uncontrollable tiredness and fall back to sleep. After I take the medication it makes me want to sleep and I sleep for quite a while. I am not able to function if I do not get enough sleep.
My third side effect relates to the second, if I miss a dose I will not sleep at all. Since I sleep 9-12 hours when I take the medication, if I skip it I will not sleep. If I skip my dosage of ziprasidone I will not sleep throughout the night. I will not sleep for two nights straight If I continue to not take it. If I am laying down to sleep without taking the medication there is a moment where my body wants to sleep but the brain does not. My body gets a bit tired but I will continue to be awake. If I skip it again I will continue to be awake till the second night where I will get 4-6 hours of sleep. I will also sweat while I sleep. If I keep going without taking the medication, I will slowly increase the number of hours of sleeping. If I take the medication after not taking for multiple days, I will sleep the entire day until the next day. The body will make up for all the lack of sleep. 
The side effects kind of suck but I have also used it for my advantage when I need to control my sleep. When I have lots of homework, I will stay up and just finish all of it.Read More Read Less
37: I have been on 60 mg for 3 weeks. I am suppose to take one in the am and one with dinner. The issue is the morning one makes me so sleepy I can;t function. If I take the dinner one to late, I can get up in the morning. Good news no manic episodes. Total loss of sex drive
38: the first time i used geodon i immediatly went into phychosis. i ended up in the state hospital for 3 and a half months. it was terrible.
39: My Dr. started me off with 80 mgs at night & 80 mgs in the a.m.  It has controlled my manic episodes but I don't know if I can stay on the drug due to side effects (My Dr. even reduced my dosage to 60 mgs at night & 60 mgs in the a.m.).  I am extremely tired all the time, my muscles seem to move by themselves (like restless leg syndrome), & it makes me feel like a zombie.  I miss my happy/funny personality.  With this drug, there are no ups or downs, I just feel "nothing".
40: I was doing great on the original GEODON but when I had to switch to the generic GEODON (insurance coverage)I began developing the same side effects as when I took ZOLOFT.  These effects are lower back pain, swollen breasts, and dehydration.  I got off the Zoloft and all side effects disapeared.  Now with generic GEODEN all the above came back.  Why?
41: Although it seems to be working for my bipolar, it leaves me with restless legs and makes me almost too tired to do anything for 4 hrs after taking it.
42: This medication works for me but you can't stop taking it even for one day without feeling really sick.
43: This medication gave me gastritis. I took for the first few days and I had the worst stomach pains EVER!!!! This drug scrapes your stomach and destroys its lining. Ever after I stopped taking it, my stomach still hurts :(( This drug is HELLISH!!!!
44: Taking 40 mg of Geodon once a day for three years for Bipolar Disorder with no side effects. Previously took Neurontin and it caused weight gain.
45: same as Seroquel only that I had bad withdrawal symptoms. Skin crawl and other things.
46: This medication ziprasidone 60mg that a nurse practitioner put me on was not for me. I was telling her am experiencing panic attacks,sweating,IBS,fatigue,no sleep,sweating on hands,felt about too pass out,also felt I was going too die when go to the hospital,breathing problems,felt nauseous, couldn’t eat correctly,rectal bleeding, and felt I was going too explode inside. I’ve told her everything and also said I’d went to the hospital and said give it four weeks. Again another session four weeks. On august 9, 2021 she’d said stop ziprasidone when she also lower it to 20 mg and go to the E.R. and see what´s happening to you. I’ve told her which she knows I don’t want too go to a psych ward and put me on injections because they’ll think I’m crazy. She said with no interest.(I know I know). They way this pill made me react was crazy I don’t know how the professionals got their licenses which, is WRONG AND DISGUSTING HOW PATIENTS ARE TREATED TODAY LACK OF RESPECT!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! Ziprasidone was the farthest worst medications I’ve ever received in my whole life. This medication should be evaluated who can take it and who cannot. Just because it helped many doesn’t mean my body will react the same. We are all different. The medical committee should agree to this. I am working on my anxiety which, I still feel the stomach problems. I’ve done tests they’ve all came out normal. I just want too see from a catscan what is going on. In my perspective I will get better with proper taking care of my anxiety and daily life. In the future I will be a better person. Anyone please be careful with ziprasidone it may or may not work for you so, in this case ask a lot of questions before taking this drug because I’ll turn you berserk. CAUTION!!!!!!!!!!AVOID IF POSSIBLE FOR YOU!!!!!!!!!!!!!!Read More Read Less
47: So, I just started taking this last week for Bipolar. I was previously on a low dose of Abilify. And let me tell you, Geodon has made my moods so stable and I actually let things go with my mom when we fight. I used to fight with her every day, and they got really bad. But now I just let things go real easy.   Thing is, the side effects are RIDICULOUS on me. It started with me not hearing my alarm in the morning and waking up late... only to still be in sleep mode for the next 4 hours. Ever woken up and you can't keep your eyes open because you're so tired? Multiply that by twelve and add puffy, bloodshot eyes. I still haven't woken up to a day where I'm not tired. And I'm usually really good with that kind of stuff. And the dizziness... oh my gosh. It's really bad. I've been on tons of medications for ADHD and Bipolar, never have I had side effects like this. Maybe I'm just that one case in a million...Read More Read Less
48: Been good
49: I’ve been taking this medication for 9 months along with fluoxetine, I was on 40mgs twice daily not good pains in head and behind left eye, went for CT scan nothing showed. Weaned down to lower dose still side effects jaw clenching, constipation, neck and severe back pain. I’m on one 20 mg tablet once a day but still not dealing well with bad side effects, agitation and anger with family. Not to mention the dose at 80 mgs was so awful. Nothing bad a bad review for this medication. Yesterday and one other time I’ve had heart flutters for about 10 minutes it was quite scary. I can’t get into a local psychiatrist and have to go to my nearest city. I’m really scared to continue these drugs together no one is listening to me. I’m feeling depressed and was suicidal a few weeks ago but that has subsided. Not very good at all, also I went from being super angry yesterday morning and then after lunch I felt uncontrollable laughter and talkativeness. Not happy at all with this drug
50: Schizoaffective disorder.  Hospitalised against will 6 times due to psychosis and mania.  Medications used since 1997: mood stabilizers- lithium, valproate, lamotrigine; antipsychotics- risperidone, olanzapine, amisulpride, quetiapine, aripiprazole; antidepressants- venlafaxine, fluoxetine, reboxetine, paroxetine, mianserin all under close supervision of treating psychiatrist.  Results of ziprasidone monotherapy: only drug that works particularly for refractory bipolar depression and negative symptoms of schizophrenia.  Concerns over lack of efficacy due to underdosing in clinical practice.  Small side-effect footprint so can be used for maintenance therapy.  Without this drug I would be facing electroconvulsive therapy (ECT).  Currently taking 40mg morning and 120mg night (to better regulate sleep rhythms).  Ziprasidone has unique pharmacodynamic action in that it is like an antidepressant/mood stabilizer/antipsychotic rolled into one (dopamine/serotonin modulator plus serotonin/norepinephrine reuptake inhibitor).  Can adjust dose to achieve required mood stabilization but can over-activate at lower doses (cause mania/hypomania).  Action on alpha 1 adrenoreceptors probably causes the cardiovascular side effects (vasodilation= reduced cardiac output=hypotension=dizziness) but this is minor compared with results.  QT interval overhyped.  Vastly improved energy, activation, mood and thinking.  Previously I had to abort medical studies due to illness.  After 7 years out of work, I have been able to return to study a Masters degree.  Remember people to SLOWLY do anything to do with dosing! (titrate over weeks/months).  Take REGULARLY (same time each day with food, don't miss).  Has no weight gain, good for blood lipids/sugars.  My turnaround in first month was remarkable; like an awakening.  Averaged 5 hours sleep but not manic.  Best I've been for 20 years.  If can't tolerate ziprasidone, next best is aripiprazole.  Try everything else, then try the best: ZIPRASIDONE!Read More Read Less
51: nad
52: one problem I have is have trouble sleep for 1-2 nights a week.
53: makes me sleep 17 hours
54: Has anyone else had trouble breathing sometimes with this medication? I seem to have trouble breathing sometimes since I've started taking this medication.
55: I have been diagnosed with major depression and for some reason my doctor had me on this for years. As a result of it I am suffering from Tardive Dyskinesia which I have now had for two years with no cure. If there is another medication that will help you, I would try it and don't stay on Geodon for too long.
56: I keep forgetting everything!
57: still depressed, and having twitching in my hands and feel very stiff,especially in my legs
58: I had some crazy reactions to this medicine. First off it made me feel really restless and feverish then on the third day I was taking it a had tardive dyskinesia which is a big word meaning I lost all control of my facial muscles as well as my tongue. I though I was going to swallow my tongue. I ended up hhaving to go to the ER to get a shot to counteract the reaction. I stopped taking the geodon immediately.
59: It helps with my over all mental state.
60: I had years of ineffective meds. When prescribed geodon at a hospital it solved all of my diagnosis problems. I was raised to a place where negative thoughts didn't exist, I looked for fear and the resulting loss of control of thoughts and feelings and was glad to realize fear didn't come even when I was looking for it. Finally I felt pleasure which is hard to come by. It was my miracle drug until the Grand Mal seizure as a result of an allergy to the drug. I have suffered several years since and now take 6 meds. I wish there was a drug to take with the geodon to avoid the allergic reactions. Alternately I want to try Invegra.Read More Read Less
61: I am totally addicted to this medicine.  My doctor is weaning me off but the side effects(shaking, nervousness) are pretty tough.  I regret going on Geodon.
62: I have struggled taking medications for this condition for 4 years. Ive not taken Geodon long enough yet to really know how I will respond. I seem to be very tired and still cant sleep.
63: I have been on Geodone for about 3 days.I am already on Lamictal. I just started 80mg,plus 300mg of Lamictal.The drugs combined seems to be helping.The Geodone makes me sleep,and drowsey the next morning.
64: I am Bi-Polar, and am more prone to the depressive side of the infliction as to the manic side.  Ziprasidone has made a HUGE difference in my being medicated.  I don't have as many manic episodes as before this medication (racing thoughts, and the other popular side effects of being manic), and I can take it with/without food and it works the same.  I wholeheartedly recommend this med.  BTW, I take 80 in the am, and 80 in the pm.  Good luck to you...
65: the pill makes me not sleep very well
66: this made me psychotic and sleep at very odd hours. i almost felt schizophrenic and it just made me worse. i hated that drug. i dont even want to look at it. too many side effects. it made me suicidal. i am bipolar II and it just made me feel like i was getting a whole new disorder!
67: Well, I haven't had a manic episode since beginning treatment with Geodon.  I've been depressed, but that's not what Geodon is trying to prevent.  I don't have any side effects.  I hope it works well in the long-run.
68: bipolar
69: Added to my depression med to "increase my mood".  I hallucinated. It started off so slight that I thought I was dreaming.  It took me 3 months to realize it was ziprasidone.  I had a GeneSight test.  I start my new meds tomorrow. 4 meds down to 2-  We'll see.
70: this treatment is awsome.  I love drugs.
71: Im on 120mg and no side effects. This works better than any other meds I been on. You don't have to eat with this medicine all tho I eat off and on with it. This is a good pain relief med too.
72: It helps pretty much.
73: I haven't had the leg jerking as much as they were, I have restless leg,but it seems to work well w/Geodon
74: I am schizoaffective.  I have been taking Geodon 80mg twice daily for years.  It is pretty effective at controlling my psychotic symptoms, anger, fear, etc. The only side effect I have noticed is that is makes me fall asleep. I've tried lower doses but symptoms came back. The sleepiness is intense and unpredictable. I often have to pull over the car if I'm driving because of it. After a short nap I'll be okay. The episodes of passing out made me lose my last job. Overall the side effect (sleep) controls my daily activities. Pretty rotten, but better than being controlled by a Demon.Read More Read Less
75: I have been Geodon for 6 mos. at times i don`t thinkit works that good an times I think it is great I still get very depressed and want to just ens it but i usely talk myself out of it I don`t sleep but everyother night know mader what i do I take 169mg of geodon 150mg sleeping pills and still can`t sleep thell me what to do i think sometimes i am really losing it
76: Suffering from depression (which started from postpartum) for over 17 years, with many, many meds that did not work, one summer about 5 years ago, my therapist (not psychiatrist) suggested adding Geodon to my antidepressant. The therapist was thinking I had shades of being bipolar and this drug was starting to be used as a mood stabilizer. I thought it was a miracle. I felt like my real self again, happy, laughing and was even able to take my young daughter on a week-end trip. (The only time I've been well enough to take her anywhere.) I had no side effects, it was easy to take, but it stopped working after 3 months. I was crushed and back in the abyss again. In the last two years I have finally been diagnosed with bipolar I disorder. While it didn't work very long for me, I had one happy summer and I believe it could be very effective for others.Read More Read Less
77: I was taking this med for alcoholism.  After my latest trip to the ER then being admitted for 4 days and almost leaving this world, I finally woke up to how serious this really is.  Zipra has helped to pretty much stop all cravings and even makes my stomach turn when I smell it.  I took it twice a day for a week then weaned down to once a day for another week and now I am off of it.  If my cravings come back, I will definitely go to my doctor for a new prescription if it.  Two weeks may not be enough to get me strong enough to go solo yet.  I highly recommend it to others battling alcoholism and are finally ready to make the jump to sobriety.  Something before I could never achieve. My thoughts are clear and it feels so good.  My mood is very good most of the time.  I'm not Mary Poppins, but I'm not a grumpy bear like others times I've quit for even shorter amounts of time. Two weeks and two days today.  Baby steps and this med really has helped me.  Read More Read Less
78: I've been on Geodon now for almost 9 years. I'm schizoaffective. This medication really helps with the psychotic symptoms of my disorder like the delusions and the hallucinations. It also helps me sleep at night since I take it in the evening. I get blood draws every 6 months to keep an eye on my blood sugar levels. Am taking Geodon with Depakote ER, and Zoloft. Works great together. Actually feel productive and "normal" most days.
79: I went off of zyprexa and went on zeldox. I lost 20lbs everyone asked if I was working out. I still don't know how I'm supposed to be feeling. if you miss a dose you will not be able sleep. and you will sleep a lot -10-12hours. I went off zeldox cold turkey. my speech was better. my tongue was swollen and that went back to normal. I had hacking coughs choking on my own spit .the spit would go down the wrong way. I did not tell my doctor. I thought things were going fine. I told him that I wasn't taking my pills I am now on latuda. I have had it for about a month. im not sure how I am am to feelRead More Read Less
80: my treatment was excellent.. this is the most avangarde med. I've ever encountered in my twenty plus years of treating this debilitating disorder....................
81: I started this medication four days ago, and when I tell you by day two I felt a difference I did, which is kinda weird, I am currently taking one dose of 40mg per day in the morning and it helped so far but then I missed a dose today, and when I tell ya it has been the worst day of my life I mean it, cause this missed dose got me almost throwing up not to mention the blurry vision and headache I am having, and my body having trouble regulating its temperature OmG. It makes me sleep 12+ hours, and I don’t know how they expect me to drink it in the morning right when I wake up
82: I was on the medication for about 2 weeks when I started experiencing really bad side effects.  I became extremely dizzy and couldn't stop sweating.  My heart raced and I would fall asleep sometime for an entire day. It felt like I was coming down with the flu. I went to the doctor and had a number of test done and they finally determined it was the side effect of the medicine.  I had to stop taking it and am really questioning continuing any medication.  This has been very scary for me.
83: I have been taking 240mg.for 2yrs & it has stopped my hallucinations but I still don't sleep but 4 1/2 hrs. a night & I also take 2 12 1/2 mg.Ambien,2 2mg.xanax,18mg,Valium. Still no sleep. The Geodon has kept me from loosing weight. It makes me crave sweets when I get up so I keep gaining weight. I am thinking about getting off of it. I miss my ups. I'm tired of feeling so blah all the time. no fun without the highs. I don't miss the lows though at all. It has kept those away so I might just cut back on my mg. Have to talk to my Dr. about it. All in all it's a decent med for bi-polar manic depression. It deffinately helps stop hallucinations.Read More Read Less
84: I started this drug after a brief stay in the hospital, it seems to help my schizophrnia, my symptoms have subsided tremndoulsy. i do have restless legs when i take it but overall doing good.
85: It did not help my symptoms. It caused osteonecrosis in my hip(left one)and I had to have a hip replacement-which was botched!!! It also cause mydusplactic syndrome(I had to have 9 blood transfusions and almost died!!!). My hemotolgist confirmed it was caused from Geodon. Name of Dr. on request. Thank god I don't have mydusplactic syndrome!!! Geodon caused me to become severelt anemic and caused osteonecrosis...my hip my dying!
86: It helps me sleep, and has made life seem normal.
87: I have found that with this medication I have been able to think better and don't feel so overwhelmed ie:over drugged
88: For psychosis. 20 MG in the evening.    I used to take 20 in the morning also but caused me to shake and become overly tired.     Nighttime dose does not give me this side effect, oddly.    No other noticeable side-effects. It did not cause any weight-gain, in fact it suppressed my appetite enough to help be lose 32 pounds in the past 3 months, I also changed my diet and exercised more so it wasn't just the drug that made me lose weight.     The lighter side-effects and doesn't block weight gain makes it a much better drug than most anti-psychotics.Read More Read Less
89: I seem to have lost my passion while on this medicine.  I used to have a "perky" personality but now I have nothing and can't feel anything, happy, sad, mad, just nothing.  My memory has gotten worse and my concentration is lacking.
90: caused lots of weight gain tremors tempture problems mouth sores and made me extremely tired
91: I have used it at bedtime only with heelp for racing thoughts. But I am having more racing thoughts during the day can it be use then.
92: I have been taking Geodeon for 2 years now. It has worked for me and does not make me feel stiff like some of the other drugs, however it makes my shake especially in my legs and feel a bit weak sometimes.
93: Horrendous back and knne pain...only took 4 or 5 pills in 4 day period. 20 year old patient and can barely walk and pain caused 2 sleeples nights so far. Over the counter pain relievers hardly touch the pain....terrible experience!!!!!
94: One of the few mood stabilizers I can tolerate.  Only side effect was some fatigue/ drowsiness.
95: I started w/ seroquel xr taking it at night. I did really good w/ it . However , over the past 3 years I"ve gained 50#. I HAD to have sweets. I also have asthma , so this made the weight gain even worse for me. I tried Ziprasidone & after about 2 weeks everything just went into place. I've been losing weight, I've got my energy back, and feel better all over. I do take meds for depression too , but this review is only for the ziprasidone. Give it a decent try...at least 2 weeks. If I had given up , I would still be fat & even more depressed
96: Usually take Geodon 40 TID and was substituted with this med for no apparent reason.  Med made me manic, and for the first time in my life I wanted to self-harm
97: I was diagnosed with an unspecified mood disorder and prescribed Geodon in order to control my mood swings.  If it helped at all, it was because I slept throughout the entire day and was not mentally present in the hours that I was awake.  I struggled with debilitating exhaustion, inability to concentrate, involuntary head movements, and muscles seizing among many other adverse effects for several months. Finally, after having a small seizure during an exam, I decided enough was enough and gradually lessened the dosage over the period of a week until I wasn't taking any at all.  It took several weeks for the effects to wear off, and thankfully none of them have reoccurred.  But I would suggest extreme caution when deciding to take this drug.  In addition to being expensive and incredibly difficult to handle, it didn't seem to solve or treat the mood swings-- only knock me out to the point where I didn't have the wherewithal to feel much of anything.Read More Read Less
98: my brother us taking gedon and its not helpig him what do you recommend us to do or what other pill is there available for him.
99: I was hospitalized due to a severe panic attack and the emergency psych doctor prescribed this medication to me.  Mind you I am only on Wellbutrin and Abilify for depression and anxiety.  Not knowing what this was and trusting him I filled the script.  I took one at night as directed when I returned home and within a half hour I dropped a full cup of coffee and almost fell down my steps outside.  My fiancé literally carried me to bed and I don't remember much afterward.  I brought this to my doctor who in turn said that I should have never been prescribed this and to stop taking it immediately.  Long story short I did not like the way this made me feel incapable of caring for myself or my children so I will not be taking this anymore.  Supposedly this is to be used in emergency situations in the hospital?Read More Read Less
100: I suffer schizoaffective disorder. I switched from Abilify to Geodon mostly because I could only tolerate a low dose of Abilify, which wasn't providing enough therapeutic value. I now take 60mg of Geodon in the morning with breakfast and 80mg of Geodon in the evening with dinner for a total of 140mg daily. I have been taking over 100mg of Geodon daily for about two years now. Geodon helps prevent my psychosis and balances out my mood. I suffer bad akathisia in the evening a few times a week for a few hours with this drug. Most of the time I just try to sleep when akathisia strikes and I awake feeling better. I sleep a lot on this drug: I usually sleep 5 to 7 hours a night and then another 2 to 4 hours in a nap. I find it crucial to take my doses with a meal, as the oral bioavailability is allegedly reduced in half when consuming the drug without food. I sometimes feel as though I withdraw from the drug if I take my dose off schedule or if I have been unable to consistently take the drug with a meal. The withdrawal begins to manifest in symptoms of anxiety and nausea. I have never been overweight but my weight has fluctuated quite a bit in a range of 40lbs since I started taking antipsychotic drugs. I find Geodon doesn't make me gain so much weight for an antipsychotic but I currently have a BMI of 22. Geodon is probably my favorite neuroleptic of the five that I have tried so far.Read More Read Less
101: should a male of 52 years old take this medication along with zoloft?
102: When I lower my geodon meds to 80mgs i started to lose weight. I lose 40lbs so far. At first I was on Zyprexa and it made me gain 10 pounds every month so I'm thankful that I'm losing weight now. Plus I don't hear voices anymore.
103: I used to take Seroquel.  Although the results from the drug were working, I didn't like the weight gain.  My Dr. switched me to Geodon and it's worked well for me.  I've lost weight and my bi-polarism has been under control.  Although I still cycle, the cycles are shorter and not as severe.  The cost is expensive and taking with food are the only down side of this drug.
104: i took one and woke up so tired i thought i was going to die. i was awake and had little to no abillity to move, my vision was blurred and i slept for nearly 24 hours straight. I don't recomend drug for any positive usages
105: I was diagnosed with Bipolar I in 2005 when I had my first manic episode. I came off my medicine (lithium) in 2011 and just had my second manic episode (10/15/15). The attending physician put me on generic Geodon after I told him it was what the doctor's used to get me down in 2005. I had no idea you could use the drug as a maintenance drug. I hated getting my blood drawn while on lithium so I really like Geodon. I'm on 40 mg twice a day but my doctor already mentioned my dose will be increased. I do have restlessness and nausea in the morning but I'll take these side effects over the paranoid depression state I've been in for the last 3 years off medication. I'm really happy with the drug.  Read More Read Less
106: Makes me sleepy, but nothing like I've read where it would affect my daily life. I just have to time my dose right and I get a good night's sleep. It's really helped slow down the racing thoughts and reduces the anxiety/lack of focus/insomnia that those thoughts cause. My doctor hasn't officially diagnosed me yet, but I'm just glad to find something that works after years of trying antidepressants.
107: Great med-only issue is I have developed twitching of my facial muscles...I don'/t notice it others do.
108: I was on Seroquel XR 300mg. But gained 25 lbs. & asked for something else. My Dr. put me on Zaprisadone 40 & 80mg week later. I don't feel I'm Manic, I am on Seraquil for depression which works great. I use it for sleep.
109: One thing about this medication that I've researched is that it can produce low levels of magnesium and potassium (they work together). When this happens it can lead to shortness of breath, diareah,changes in mental status and irregular heartbeat. However you can have your doctor first check to see if you are low in magnesium, then , if you are low in magnesium, your doctor can prescribe the right kind of magnesium( pill supplement and food high in magnesium, such as spinach, almonds, cashews, soybeans, etc.) Then this approach, I think,  will work very well( as I have tried and seems to be working) . Another HUGE BONUS is that you do not gain weight on this medication! As a matter of fact , I was on Zyprexa , but on Zyprexa I gained 50 LBS.But on Zeldox , (ZIPRASIDONE-ORAL-only 20mg.) since I have been on it( 10 weeks), I have lost 20 lbs.Read More Read Less
110: I was prescribed this medicine because I hear voices. It has worked very well, despite having a difficult time transitioning onto it. I have heard some voices, but they are minimal. However, we had to put me on such a high dosage that I was falling asleep in class. Even on a lower dosage, I had to take an hour to two-hour nap every day and could not stay awake for more than thirty minutes in the car. Then we switched to taking it all at night (another rough transition) but I was still low on energy, so we lowered it again.  We are thinking of lowering the dosage once more, but it is incredibly scary gambling with mental illness, especially during the semester. I can only pray I will not hear voices again.  This drug has the worst withdrawal out of every anti-psychotic I have taken. If I miss the time I'm supposed to take it by two hours, or even one, I begin to feel terrible. My pupils dilate significantly during withdrawals. If I miss taking it during a meal and take it on an empty stomach, it does not kick in for at least an hour. It keeps me awake when I have not taken it as well.  Even talking about this medicine makes me feel terrible. I can only hope that I will eventually switch onto another medication without an episode.Read More Read Less
111: I know this may sound stupid. But a friend of mine well actally a crazy ex girlfriend of mine gave me the drug to sleep. Two days straight I had to go to the emergency room. I took one tablet and it made my facial muscles freeze to the side, my eyes roled to the back of my head. My jaw was stuck so far to the side that my gums started bleeding from my teeth pushing into them so hard. I started spitting blood. It was all so uncontrollable im just scared for my life right now. I thought I had serious brain damage. Luckily for me the symtoms wore off. But I dont know if they might come back or not. Im not bipolar and I dont have a mental illness. Taking this drug was the worst mistake of my life. And I was told it was a harmless medication for sleeping like seroquell. It ended up being a bleepin nightmare. This all happened to me yesterday and today. I went into the ER. My doctor is now telling me I need an MRI of my brain. I might have serious brain damage. All I can do is warn people out there. Before you take this consider the side effects. They are as serious as anything. Id rather be dead than experience that torment that this drug inflicted on me
112: So far at 43 years I have been on 2 antipsychotic's. Latuda (lurasidone) and now Geodon (ziprasidone) They are chemically the same drug, it you laid the elements out they would mimic each other as twins almost. I am on 40mg of Ziprasidone in morning and evening. One week now and I can already tell that it might calm me down. However, as I am researching the medication I have also been looking at old charts of my bloodwork, and somewhere in the years of 2014-2018 (the entire time I took Latuda) My bloodwork was bad, numbers all elevated. I also have Lupus, and have to watch very carefully if any drug affect that too. I was diagnosed with heart condition called WPW, and I'm starting to think it might be from the this type of drug. Moods, great. Other conditions, not ovulating ever again (yes this happened) I will take it. Now I know if the bloodwork is elevated it's from the medication.Read More Read Less
113: It seems to work well, but it is expensive.  IT also makes me tired.
114: I have been BiPolar for ten years and hace a cocaine addiction. I have tried depakote, Invega and Geodone. I am having the best results with Geodon till date. No manic episodes and little depression and have been able to stay clean.
115: I am very sensitive to psychotropics, so take this review with a grain of salt.    I started on 40mg, split in morning and evening. I got the shakes and got very tired in the afternoon but not in the evening.    Moved to 40mg at night. Zombie action    Dropped to 20mg at night. Seemed okay for a while. Psychosis was about 90% controlled. Over a few months I felt like I had no energy and I was losing muscle mass and feeling weak.    Doc ordered a testosterone test, it was dangerously low. She order a prolactin and thyroid test. Thyroid was good, prolactin was three times the high normal range.     Tapered off, both testosterone and prolactin levels were back to normal inside a month.    I never got near the therapeutic dose.Read More Read Less
116: Excessive sweating, fast heartbeat, sudden onset of sleep, loss of coordination, confusion, loss of coordination
