1: Depression/ Anxiety, crying, mood swings that stayed in the no happiness range. I had been through too many horrible experienced and this year 5 more. The quietiapine has helped and been a relief. The dosage of 25 mg not enough. I find out tomorrow if this is refilled.
2: Previously I had been treated with very limited success with: Lithium, Depacote, Triliptal, Risperdal, Lamictal, zoloft, Wellbutrin, Abilify, clonsepam, zypreza etc.  My exsistance was unbearable.  I went to a clinic and was taken off all the above.  I spent three weeks rapid cycling with psychotic features and devestating depressions and suicidality.  Within a week of starting Seroquel  my symptoms disappeared and have not returned in two years.  The possible side effects are frightening but nothing compares with the hell I lived with for nearly 20 yearsRead More Read Less
3: quietiapine helps with sleep, thyroid supplements help with mood stability.
4: Just begun using the generic form of Seroquel, haven't noticed any major difference to date from  the brand name product.
5: This was prescribed to help me sleep but I slept too much and could not stay awake after 8 or 9 hours of sleep.
6: What a terrible drug. Made my insomnia and depression worse. Had horrific nightmares and I thought about going to the E. R. Can't believe my dr. gave me this for sleep.
7: I suffer from severe insomnia and I have found that Quetiapine has helped immensely. The drug has helped me to reset my sleeping pattern and since I began taking it 3 months ago, I have noticed big improvements. Overall, I have found it very helpful and easy to take.
8: I have taken this medication for too many years. I have gained almost 40 lbs and now have serious Tardive Dyskenesia. Be careful!
9: The combination of Seroquel and Celxa is the first that have made any real difference in the 18 years that have been receiving treatment for Bipolar Disorder. The Seroquel has also helped me sleep without the daytime sleepiness that Trazadone caused me.
10: At first I was very tired in the mornings then my dr put me on the extended relief and that heled the tiredness and fatigue I was feeling and I have noticed a definate improvement in my focus and concentration and in my ability to keep my moods stabile.
11: I am taking it for a sleeping pill.
12: I have had problems with this medication. There are times that is keeps me up at night, where I am agitated, nervousness etc...
13: This is an awful drug.  Top side effect is low sodium in blood, which I developed which could have killed me.  It also would have been nice if my doctor advised me to have regular blood tests.  I am off it and will never take again.
14: This drug worked decent for about a year, but then for some reason just kind of fizzled out. It also gave me maddening RLS (Restless Leg Syndrome), which kept me awake most of the night, leaving me excruciatingly tired and stressed out every morning.
15: sleeplesmess wake ever hour 15 min to fallback to sleep
16: I HAVE TAKEN 800MG OF SEROQUEL FOR MANY (10+?) YEARS   IT HAS BEEN VERY EFFECTIVE FOR ME   I TAKE SEVERAL MEDS ALSO BUT TIS IS MY PRIMARY ONE
17: I used to sleep 4-5 hours a night and feel fine- but then i'd crash.  Seroquel helps me get my full 7 hours of sleep, which probably helps with keeping me more calm in the morning.  I don't like that I'm not as energetic- but then again that may just be the mania that i like feeling.  i hear some people gain weight- I'm one of the few% that lost like 10 lbs.  Maybe with more sleep i just eat less. I hear there's a class action lawsuit against this rx.  People claim that they should have told them it increases risk of diabetes.  Most of the bipolar meds do.  I'm considering to stop taking this rx because I want it out of my system before my husband and I try for a baby.  My condition is more mild so hopefully things will be ok without the rx.Read More Read Less
18: My son was on Seroquel for less than a year.  In June 2016 he had a stroke then two seizures.  He was hospitalized and was still given this medicine.  With a week after getting out of the hospital he had another stroke and two seizures.  He is now in a nursing home and unable to talk, read or think straight.  This medicine ruined his life.
19: feel sleepy drowsy numb . feels like i could sleep during the day esp after lunch.
20: to complicated to take 5 hours before bed i never no when i want to sleep so this pill dont work for me
21: Given to me in lowest dose, 25 mg. at bedtime for insomnia. It's like a manic insomnia, I just never WANT to go to bed. I've also used the 25 mg. dose in the daytime, when I felt extremely angry & tense. Well....it works, make no mistake about it. But gives me a heavy sedated feeling and a good bit of dizziness. Keeps my thinking calm & rational though. I understand that quetiapine is also good for opiate withdrawal. I can see why. I feel it's a good drug BUT one must buckle-up for the side effects and just suck it up. It works for the intended purpose. At 25 mg. basically it feels like an overly-strong antihistamine. I have no experience with quetiapine at higher doses, Read More Read Less
22: I'm neither schizophrenic nor bipolar, yet I've been on Quetiapine "XR" for 5 years now and its been a major help to me. (Note: "XR" is the extended release formulation.) It is mild and it is very soothing - for example, when I get off work & my nerves are still frayed, need to wind down, that's when I take my daily dose of the XR. Its like slipping into a soothing, warm blanket - yet I'm still active and alert.

Quetiapine XR stays in my system into the next day, keeping my thoughts orderly and I don't lose my temper for small reasons. Yet I still function & work like a champ. If I was on this medicine a long time ago, my life would've probably turned out so much better.Read More Read Less
23: Easy to go too sleep........Hard to stay asleep
24: great sleep aid, however weight gain and dependency out way the advantage of great sleeping.
25: This generic version of seroquel is like ambien for 12 hours.  Brand name seroquel wasn't a problem.  They says I'm taking this for sleep, but I know I'm a little nuts, too.
26: I have been on this medication for about 1 month and my depression has eased tremendously. I can feel normal again. I take it with Paxil. Only problem is that it makes me very sleepy, so I take it an hour before bedtime.
27: I'm not to sure we're to start I have been on q for about 5 years now and I hope it's not just me that wakes up with really bad munchies, I went to bed the other night and woke up with chocolate next to my bed. it makes me so tired and I just eat. I was eating the other night falling asleep and my partner had to wake me so I didn't choke lol. well all jokes aside I do really find this effective as I said I've been on this for 5 years I've had other medications in the past and quituipuine just sits right with me but I know we are not all the same.Read More Read Less
28: Im going to lose my job. Im taking 25mg from last 3 days
29: had terrible reaction to this today, only on 50mg and only been taking for four days. Had Extrapyramidal symptoms, if your jaw starts to get stiff or your head will only move to one posistion see medical help right away the chnges they make in your body can sometimes be permanet. luckily i got back to the unit and they gave to two injections an hour apart from each other which after three hours of extreme uncomfortable state the side effects pased.there were moments when i thought i was going to die. however it did what i wanted it to do for the four nights i was taking it as i slept like a log.Read More Read Less
30: i have been on this medication for about 7 months along with cymbalta. I think this medication works better than any of the other medications that i have been on.
31: Loved it!
32: I have become addicted to this medication
33: to early to tell
34: I was started on this medication as an acute care in-patient. I was in crisis mode due to the death of my momma and how it negatively affected ALL areas of my life. I have been in mental health treatment since 2017 and while I have a few diagnosis, none of them are classified as a psychosis. I did start cutting again as a way to deal with my loss, I had no appetite, I was barely sleeping and my hygiene went to hell because I could hardly get out of bed.

The psychiatrist over the Behavioral Health Unit was familiar with me as it had been necessary for me to receive acute care at least a half-dozen times since 2017. I was started on Quetiapine in October of 2021. The somewhat high dose I was on in the hospital seemed fine and I was so relieved to have my mind quieted and feel a sense of peace. Now, realize that in the hospital setting one has no responsibilities except to eat, sleep, attend some groups and take our medication. The outside world is blissfully OUTSIDE.

Upon returning home, the dose proved to be way too high as I was literally zombified, etc. Upon seeing my own psychiatrist, he agreed and allowed me to cut my dose by two-thirds and take 200 mg. @ bedtime.

I should let you know that I am diagnosed with Treatment Resistant Major Depressive Disorder, recurrent/severe.

I must admit that my depression is not as severe, I don't cry all the time, I don't spend days at a time in bed, I'm not obsessing over ways to end my life, I haven't felt the need to be hospitalized...HOWEVER, I have balance issues I never had before that have led to 1 mild traumatic brain injury, 1 moderate traumatic brain injury, breaking my nose on 2 different occasions through falling, as well as breaking 3 of my teeth along with several various contusions. IN ADDITION, I have researched and discovered the long-term effects of this medication.

I just met my new psychiatrist, as my much-respected and much-adored former psychiatrist recently retired and returned with his family to Egypt.

I had not shared my symptoms with Dr. Anunobi before he left. He was a tele-health doctor due to the fact that our town is just too small to attract psychiatrists. I personally find it difficult to share over a TV screen AND my doctor had extended my appts. to once every 3 months instead of once a month. I'm not a boat rocker.

Well, I did share with new psych. and he took it very seriously, is weaning me off it starting immediately (Oct. 13) and will be starting me on new med which we will discuss on Nov. 3.Read More Read Less
35: While on Seroquel I experienced significant weight gain of over 100 pounds. I also experienced significant memory loss consisting of loss of memory of more than 2 years. I had groginess, and was disoriented.
36: I was prescribed this med for pain and to sleep but I am tired all next day and lethargic
37: After a bout of severe depression, and a visit to a hospital I was taken off of Depakote and placed on Seroquel.  It is like I have a whole new life.  Not only do I have better control of my life my friends can see a difference in me.  I absolutely love what this medicine has done for me.
38: I been taking this for about 2 weeks. 2 times i had to lay down. I felt like passing out plus my ears started ringing. The other thing i don't like is when i use to take Remeron, i couldn't keep my legs still. Later i was watching tv and i was kinda "shocked". It's called "Restless Leg Syndrome" or something like that. I just feel i have to move my legs. It's a strange feeling that i can't keep my legs still. This is when i start getting drowsy/tired on the meds. In the morning and the rest of the time, im ok
39: I started taking Seroquel (Quetiapine) orally when I was about 13 years old, due to a pretty serious bout of depression, and my young self was taking a petty nasty downward spiral. Was put on it due to mood swings by my general practitioner, and initially started on a lower dose (~50mg). Worked my way up to 200mg nightly, and while I do have foggy moments in the morning, it typically clears up within an hour. Very, very good at aiding sleep, and helped my focus beyond morning hours. Without an alarm to wake me up though, a typical sleep cycle can last 10-12 hours for me on the 200mg dose. Recently adjuncted with Welbutrin, helped wake up but restless legs become a problem sometimes
40: better sleep
41: Only 25mg of this drug completely resolved my insomnia and anxiety! I'm eating less and can actually sit still and relax.  It took about 5 weeks to acclimate to the drug and for the side effects to subside.
42: The side effects outweigh any benefits.  Extreme anger, fatigue, dry mouth, burning and stinging sensation in your skin, ringing  in your ears. I was a total zombie the next day.
I don’t have drug allergies but I’m pretty sure this one comes close.
43: Doctor originally ordered 100 mg. That was too strong for me. Now using 50 mg and find the effect is soothing. I don't notice many side effects. I take several meds so I often have dry mouth.
44: over the last 5years i have gained 150lbs.i took myself off of seroquel for 1month and lost 24lbs.think twice be4 taking this drug.the side effects may not be worth it.
45: I have been on this medication for just over 1 month. It has greatly reduced my anxiety and panic attacks. It has helped me a great deal.
46: I've been on this medication for 1-1/2yrs. At first it was awesome, my moods stabilized almost immediately;about 6 mo. ago I started gaining weight, feeling listless, too much sleep and most recently more ups and downs. my dr. keeps telling me this is normal and I should just go on a diet and start exercing to keep my weight down; almost impossible when you just can't find the ambision to do so; I also have high blood pressure and high cholesterol since taking it so now i'm on med's for that too...my moods are starting to become more down than up so the dr. told me to go see a therapist. I've been seeing therapists for 5 yrs. now and they are all the same; not interested in going back to one; i'll just live with this and hope for the bestRead More Read Less
47: I have severe Bipolar disorder with Schizophrenia aspects. This med has allowed me to function in both my workplace and personal life. I no longer have delusions or hear voices. This med does take a few weeks to start working. It is far better than my previous main meds over the last 20 years which included Depakote and Lithium. I would recommend this med to anyone who has had mixed results with other meds.
48: my docter prescribed this for sleep, I know nothing about it being for bi-polar !
49: I thought I'd post my review on this drug as it has its benefits but for me, the negatives have far outweighed them, I'm not slowly coming off the tablets and have gone from 200mg to 25mg and should be off them totally in a month or two.    I was prescribed these in May 2018 after a difficult time and they helped me for the first couple of months, however, the past few months I've been unable to wake up, I never feel rested and I have zero energy, this is a drastic change for me as I was previously a gym bunny eating a clean, high calorie diet.    I was taking this alongside, Pregabalin 200mg (now stopped) and Citalopram 40mg (now 30mg).    My review is just to share my experience and to see if anyone else shares the same side effects as it's had a massive impact on my lifestyle both inside and outside of work.     Hopefully my GP can find something more suited.Read More Read Less
50: I have borderline personality disorder with complex ptsd, depression & gad. A couple of years ago I started taking this in addition to venaflaxine & it’s had a massive positive on my mood & anxiety. I feel so much calmer & can think more clearly, I don’t kno what I’d do without it now
51: I just started taking this and have noticed it has made me very aggressive.   Idk if I'll stay on it.
52: No other medication has effectively kept me well enough to pursue my goals and passions. The 2nd night of dosage, I began to notice colors and enjoy the sounds of others around me. I had hope that I could again engage with others and enjoy without fear.
53: if you call continual  sleeping effective then I guess it’s effective. my son takes 50 mg in morning - 1 hr later he’s back in bed sleeping the day away. he’s gained  20+ pounds without eating. he’s missing out on life. that’s all it does for him.
54: I was taking 50mg of Quetiapine and 45mg of Mirtazapine for insomnia.  Quetiapine helps with the sleeping trouble but my blood sugar is low.  Saddly, I have to stop using this medication if I do not want to develop diabetis.
55: I have been on this medication for over 5 years now.  Prior to taking it, my "ups" were so out there and my "downs" were suicidal.  There was an adjustment period of about 2 months before I was on the full dose of 250mg at night- BUT I have been on that dose for over 5 years now.  My entire life is bearable- thank goodness, and never stop searching for what will work for you!
56: I first went on seroquel when it was released around the year 2000.  Since then I've tried other atypicals and have just found that it is best.  I do not have the drowiness that some report and I am on the max FDA does (800 mg).  The weight gain has been hard for my family and I, but is not a major problem.  So far my blood sugar levels have beeb stable which is also a concern for some.
57: My RNP prescribed it for me to just take 50 mgs at bedtime to help me sleep. I'm 55 years old, but I don't have bipolar disorder, just severe depression and was only able to get a total of 2 hrs of sleep and sometimes, 0 hours sleep. She tried Restoril, Ambien (made me hallucinate) and several other sleep aids without success. Then, she prescribed this and holy cow!  I was fast asleep within 15 minutes and stayed asleep all night, getting 9 hours of sleep for the first time in 10 years!  No hangover the next morning!Read More Read Less
58: I went into a full out suicide experience jumping in the middle of the road at nighttime begging for a car to kill me. Wife had to save me. Now the same psychiatrist is trying to give it to me again after 5 years of that incident.
59: This medicine worked well for me but when I got used to it 30 minutes after taking it I get really hungry for sweet things, crisps, and any other fast food I can lay my hands on and have put on 3 stone in the year I have been taking it.
60: it keep my mood on the right path and i sleep very good
61: stopped paranoia , such a relief. only darkside too them is weight gain is a bit crap.
62: Bipolar II, think in remission...    Low Dosage 1x/day: 7.5mg 30 days, 15mg 30 days, 25mg 30 days then 37.5mg 30 days.    Can not take it at bed time, I'm awake 3 to 5 hrs.  Started taking in the morning with Lamotrigine 200mg 1x/day.    Just realized this time of day will not work for me. I nod out sitting on the toilet or when I'm on my computer after the 3 to 5 hrs has passed.    Will start taking with my dinner meal and see how it works.    Effectiveness - wow!  Disabling depression is in the past.    Started to have "desire" again to get out, enjoy, do things of interest and even get more focused.  Main thing is just having feelings again.    Low ratings for ease of use is due to figuring out the timing of when to use this med. Thus, little bit lower satisfaction.    Recommend this if you're able to handle all the drowsiness!   Read More Read Less
63: Read til happy ending: The first 3 weeks on Seroquel was a roller-coaster nightmare with severe leg twitches, increase in irritability one day then worst depression the next, with an increase in suicidal thoughts too.  Sleep was heavy. But then there was a good day here and there. After 4 weeks, every day was a successful, functioning day with a more positive outlook from the deep depression. I take 150mg at 6pm and began Pristiq 50mg (changed from Lexapro) at 6am in morning. Six weeks in now and I feel like myself and have only experienced light moments of sadness. I'm amazed how much has changed and how fortunate I feel as a result of the meds.Read More Read Less
64: this drug gave me diabetes.  do NOT take this drug...it doesn't do any good.  please reconsider another med.
65: Have gained weight and am agitated often. not sure if it is working. the depression has lessened tremendously.
66: cause weight gain
67: Start with 50 for 4 days and 100 6 days and slow increases.  Go very slow.  If you can not Get out of bed  reduce a little.  I stopped using doctors for mental health 30 years ago.  At 71  I feel very good.
68: This is an extreamly dangerous drug that should be BANNED, i was being treated for depression related to my bipolar. i struggled with getting out of bed, doing chores going out was impossible but the most devastating was not being able to bond with my premature newborn that fought to be alive and i couldnt even hold her. i started taking quetiapine and within 5 days i became EXTREAMLY suicidal, the thoughts run round my head constantly until i took a near fatal overdose leaving me in intensivecare. i never felt suicidal before putting this poision in my body
69: Started taking 100mg at night for bipolar and lack of sleep.  Turns out, i slept horribly, crazy dreams when i did.  If i did not get around 9 hours of sleep, i would be worthless the following day (tired, agitated, zombie like).  Also, it made me feel like i had a stomack flu and threw up about 3 out of the 4 days i was on it.  My opinion, if you have bipolar, take drugs that are strickly for biploar, do not take meds that are for one sickness and happen to help another (for reasons that the Dr.'s don't even know how they work)!  I am very upset about the lack of information i was given from my Doctor.  Also she gave me no mention of the extreme weight gain associated with this drug.  Sorry for the ramble but i was not pleased with the side effects of this drug.Read More Read Less
70: My doctor prescribed this for me after I had taken 20mg  of Lexapro and still felt upset now and then. She told me to take 25mg PM but it made me sleep all day long so I changed to take 12.5mg. It really made me feel more peaceful and calm, and I can go to work now. However, getting up is still difficult for me, and although I have been exercising hard and dieting, the 10kg I gained is stubborn.
71: been on this for several years and the dos ehas to keep going up
72: Very strong. Loss of balance. Blurred vision?
73: THIS IS Causing hallucinations in my husband who has early onset dementia
74: The weight gain is terrible, i have gained 4 kgs, since I started this medication (1 1/2 month ago), it has slightly stabilised my mood. It makes my brain foggy and I have trouble thinking, it has made my sleep very inconsistent. i overall would not recommend.
75: I have been taking this for 2 months now.  I also take Wellbutrin, the mixture has made my depression go away, but it also has caused me not to sleep well.  I sleep about 3 hrs a night.
76: This medication is a God send, it totally controls my mania (I do not do depression at all but I do extreme mania with aggressive tendencies)  In addition this medication aids in sleeping through the night and I still dream...however on some days there is a bit of a groggy feeling for a couple hours I would not operate heavy equipment during this time...Namaste'
77: I have been on this medication for just over 1 month. It has reduced my feeling of paranoia a great deal. The arguing between the voices in my head has begun to get less and less. The voices are fading. They are now longer dominate.
78: 50 mg tabs caused weight gain, comatose feelings, dreams. I quit. Then I took one pill when I was desperate. Same feeling. I won't take anymore.
79: I still find it hard for me to cope in a work envirnment. Hostile at time. Got to write note to self to stay calm. Just had to resign from job I enjoyed but couldnt deal with customer and some staff.
80: I was put on this for non-bipolar depression. It made me very angry, full of rage, and plain mean beyond irritable. This was not environmentally induced, for I seldom interacted with others because of the extent of my depression.
81: I'm pretty sure I'm gaining weight from taking this drug. My doctor originally told me to take one pill an hour before my bed time to help me sleep, and to take my mind off things. It put me out pretty quickly, but if I had to work early in the morning it some sometimes difficult for me to get out of bed.
82: When I took this medicaton at night before bed. I could barely get up the next day, my body didn't want to move.
83: I can't review  this drug because after reading the reviews I've made a decision that I can't afford to have my father gain anymore weight so the side effects outweigh the possible positive effects. I appreciate everyone's comments they were very helpful. Please understand I am not suggesting that you not take this drug just for my father I believe it will not be in his benefits is he is already on the heavy side.
84: it knocks me out at bed time
85: Im using this drug to help with my ptsd and the night terrors it is causing. ive been back from iraq for 3 months using it for to and ive never slept better.  i sometime get the groginess i hear about so much but i havent gained any weight.  the extra sleep im getting is making me more will to go on those longer runs and has helped my mood
86: This is best drug ever ever ever.... I Think more positive everyday in my life now with quetiapine.. Thanks who make this medicine ??
87: I have borderline personlity disorder. I have been on this medication for two months now and have gained 15 pounds. I can be exhausted in the morning if I don't get 10-11 hours of sleep. I sometimes feel twichy and am going to talk to my doctor to get myself taken off the medications. It does a great job of keeping me from having angry outburst and extreme frustration. If you don't have the weight gain and can adjust your life for the sleep it works amazingly well.
88: After many years of finding no meds successful in treating my depression.  Ive been taking this drug for 2 years along with effexor.  I sleep well, have lots of energy and am doing so much better that Im returning to school. However, my cholesterol level has sky rocketed on this drug.  Not sure if Im going to be able to continue with it or not
89: An effective downer for the mania-prone, no question. But no one's kidding about the side effects practically rivaling the problems for which you're taking it (which makes me wonder how the first-gens could have possibly been worse, but that's what I hear.), and withdrawing from this one's worse than usual.    The most severe problem when trying to come off this once it becomes intolerable is the unbelievable nausea that comes on within a couple days if your tapering rate is off, and is comparable to drinking way too much. It is not pleasant, to put it mildly. When I withdrew too quickly, the nausea was all-encompassing and even basic finger-movements were like short free-falls.    Don't screw around with this stuff, it punishes you hardcore if you stop taking it or taper off too quickly.    I'd recommend this for periods of mania, but not when you don't need it for that. It caused me to be listless, apathetic, and like pretty much all antipsychotics I've tried (though nowhere near to the same extent as the sadistic side effects of Zyprexa), causes what is commonly termed "brain fog", which makes you feel, well, drugged. In my case, it was so bad that I would not accept it. I'm still trying to taper off it, but nothing's been more unpleasant than quetiapine in this regard.    It's still vastly superior to Risperdal and definitely Zyprexa, and probably some other antipsychotics that were so disorienting I literally could not remember long periods of time while being on them. But it's the best of the worst, as it is. Take with extreme caution, and be wary of taking it for long. Its one saving grace is that it works fast and knocks out mania (along with you) almost immediately, so use it for that.Read More Read Less
90: In addition to bipolar, I am diabetic.  I have gained 60 pounds, not a good thing.  Also, I have sever neuropathy in my feet and legs.  Quetiapine makes the pain in my feet much worse when I go to bed at night.    Once I am asleep I am okay and I do not feel especially bad in the mornings.  I am not sure I am better off with this mediaction.
91: It has done wonders for my bipolar disorder, im sleeping better, im not waking up or going to bed with anxiety anymore. I would suggest this medication to anyone suffering from bipolar disorder or any other mental illness
92: This works for me as far as stabilizing my mood. However, I am extremely tired most of the time. For me, this medication requires that I get a minimum of 10 hours of sleep otherwise I simply can't get out of bed. I'm also thirsty frequently.
93: I started taking this provided by my mental health doctor, to help stable my rapid mood swings and anger issues, as I was diagnosed with C-Ptsd & Autism which clashes. Taking the 1st dose to begin with put me on my bum made me high as a kite and giddy. But after been on it for months and dose up to 150mg it's made me numb and emotionless and not be aware of my surroundings to bad manic episodes, also makes you very sleepy where your drooling and can affect your speech impairment. Worked to begin with then its made me worse as a person
94: My extreme depression, bouts of anger, thoughts of suicide, anxiety all greatly improved and its noticeable. Instead of getting 3 hours of sleep or less i am getting  8 hours with limited ake ups.
95: Iâ??ve been on this for a year it started out helping me sleep and more relaxed but I had to get off it l was extremely tired and Ins fog didnâ??t want to go anywhere and I found I was having breathing problems like I couldnâ??t get enough air and extremely thirsty and was told it was drying my lungs out now I feel better
96: I was given the generic pill white round with F75 imprint and did nothing like the others. The generic F75 is useless as a placebo. No effect at all
97: Do not take this medication, especially if you have history of concussion associated bipolar - it will not work and create more problems than necessary. Read health literature, holistic medicine and balance your mood naturally instead.
98: I was put on this medication twice, once in the hospital at 50mg for "The added side effect of making you sleepy." but the nurses told my mom it was for hallucinations and psychosis (There was a lot of communication issues in that hospital in general) but either way it did not make me sleepy at all and in fact worsened hallucinations and intrusive thoughts while I was at the hospital. Immediately stopped taking it once I got home and felt much, MUCH better off Seroquel (and other meds I was on) 

The second time was by a psychiatrist. I told him of what happened when I was on it at the hospital, but because I was only on it for about a week he told me that I wasn't on it long enough to know if it works and he put me on 50mg to help with hallucinations, delusions, and to help stabilize my mood (later learned he diagnosed me with Cyclothymic disorder) needless to say it did absolutely nothing good. In fact, while on Seroquel I had a huge 2 hour long psychotic episode as well as worsened delusions and hallucinations and my mood did not improve AT ALL (My mood swings from different extremes in minutes). I can't tell if they got worse on it though, but I wouldn't be surprised if they did. 

Needless to say if it doesn't work once, it probably won't work again. And stand up for yourself if you think you're on the wrong medications or have the wrong diagnosis, speak up! An upside though is that the 25/50mg pills are tiny and very easy to swallow.Read More Read Less
99: I've been on this for 5 days now and all I want to do is sleep. Have a difficult time getting out of bed in the morning. I don't feel depressed but I'm still agitated with everything.  I feel like I'm in a fog and cant think clearly.  I started out with 50mg until last night and now I'm on 100mg.  Still feel groggy and I've noticed that I can't talk without stumbling.  I think I'm going to call my doctor and request a different drug.  I just don't feel right on this. Have a dry mouth and throat, tired, head fog, agitated feeling, dizzy and just overall not feeling well. In the past the drugs that worked the best didn't make me feel like this at all.  They worked great from the start but eventually stopped working which is why I'm on this one.  Need a replacement
100: besides being traquilized by a blow gun, this stuff will make you go nite  nite big time. break the pill into at least 4 pieces, take one to start.
101: IS THIS CONTROL SUBSTANCE
102: I've been taking Seroquel for 6 months & it has been as vital as a heart pill or any other that helps you maintain a healthy life. There are side-effects, and some are not pleasant but I find that the benefits have greatly outweighed any negatives. In the beginning, I was often tired and had a hard time waking up in the morning, but that has evened out over the months. I also had an initial weight gain of 10 pounds, mostly caused by the Seroquel “munchies” as I call them. And that has also leveled off. You do need to pay closer attention to your diet on it. There is also a strange reaction where you want to move your limbs while you are resting. I found that decreasing my dose some helped with that.   Now the positives: I have never slept better. I used to wake up multiple times during the night and had a difficult time falling to sleep. I now get at least 8 hours of the night and wake up feeling calm and relaxed. And it is a deep, restful sleep. It does not feel artificial or leave me with a medicinal hangover. Sleep has done wonders for my health. I no longer have bad headaches or muscle cramps throughout the day. I rarely have to take ibuprophen (which I used to take almost daily). No more self-medicating with alcohol or alcohol cravings.But the best and most significant difference is that I have finally found my calm! I can be happy, satisfied and content with little things. It's also made me more patient with others. I now know the meaning of peace of mind. It’s no longer me against the world looking for the enemy in everyone I meet. I feel at ease when I wake up and actually enjoy my morning coffee, watching tv, and reading without interruptions from intrusive thoughts.I no longer lash out at my husband or scream at my kids. My compulsions for self-destructive behavior have melted away kind of like a demon leaving my body. I cannot tell you what a huge relief that is. Everything is lighter without the weight of your own guilt and shame. It gave me my life backRead More Read Less
103: Generalized anxiety, possible bipolar. Have the best sleep in years. Anxiety and handling stress improved  since starting the med 3 days ago.
104: I have been using quetiapine 200mg (seroquel) for 7 months now, and I feel alot better about myself, the days are alot less stressful.  I take 200mg before bed time, I sleep like a rock, and I wake up feeling refreshed.  Thank god for the VA and this medicine.
105: DEVELOPED TROUBLE SOME SLEEPINESS,DIFFICULTY TO FOCUS EYES
106: I take the lowest dosage (25mg) an hour or 2 before bedtime and it is honestly my favourite part of the day for the calm euphoria I experience before it knocks me out. Ashamedly, I also look forward to the increase in appetite and binge eating.
I am worried I will begin to overuse it for these reasons especially as I have started to feel more depressed recently and wanting to escape from reality. 


In the past I have tried taking up to 100mg and it has caused restlessness throughout my whole body which I could not stand.
Read More Read Less
107: have taken between 500 and 800 mg for past week and a half
108: Been taking 300mg Quetiapine Fumarate for exactly one year and one day today to treat Bipolar II. 

This drug is incredible - in the past year, I started and graduated from a software bootcamp, was able to leave a toxic relationship with someone I lived with for years, land my dream career, and create the best new experiences with friends I haven't seen/or talked to in years.

All this was possible because I didn't have to spend every ounce of energy trying to stabilize my emotions. For the first time, I lived with clarity in the present moment. To reiterate what other people have said, I wake up so happy each morning. 

Downsides: You have to plan your evening around when you take it (at least at my dosage). It is a soothing sedative, but I would never ever drive on this medication. Meals have a big role with it as well - sometimes I feel it in 30 minutes other times it takes 2 hours. Regardless, I feel like it stays in my system for 10-12 hours from the minute I take it. I shoot for 7:30 pm - Before that 12 hours is up I am a groggy zombie, but a ridiculously happy one so it's worth it. 

I'll leave here with this sentiment. Being medicated on this drug has allowed me to see my bipolar as a superpower rather than a hindrance. I think it's incredible that I(we) can relate and genuinely mean it when we say "I know how you feel." We have gotten to experience the extremes of every human emotion on the spectrum. 

I have become the 'therapist' to friends all throughout my life now because I can empathize with what they're going through and feeling because (I've) we have all been there before! 

* "We," meaning everyone reading this that also has Bipolar.

Love and regards guys, and don't let anyone define you! Read More Read Less
109: It's great at first. Over time you develop seizures, when you get off it you have sensitivity to noise. You can't take it so you go back on it. Well here I am months after taking it I feel like I'm in hell like I have autism. I've never had symptoms like this in my life. I'm sensitive to sounds. I'm scared to go back to the doctors because they made me worse. It's constant noises, tinninitis in my ears, wooshing noise constantly. I want to die. These people are murderers. They know what they're doing. They make you dependant on it so you never stop taking it. Because that's what they want!!!!!!!!!! I stopped taking the pills and the seizures stopped. That's how I know it's because of this medicine. Stop taking it. It'll break you. It ruined my life. I hope they pay for what they do to people
110: Drug helped at beginning, but did not solve depression or anxiety over long term. It helped for 2 weeks then just made me sleepy and tired.
111: take 1 50mg for sleep along with 1mg of Xanax.  Have not had any problem having a few beers...been doing it for years.
112: Tremendous weight gain of 25 lbs.
113: I'm at the two-week point. And while it's still a bit painful to get out of bed, once I do I no longer feel "stoned." There is a light at the end of the tunnel.    Days one through five were as follows: 50 mg, 100 mg, 200 mg, 300 mg, 400 mg.  Then it was a matter of getting my body acclimated to 400 mg, which I thought would never happen.     If you are able to take vacation/sick days/medical leave, I do suggest it. I did not. Either way, just know it does get better within a matter of weeks.
114: Does this drug make you lose your balance all day and it doesn't go away. Is it right or no?
115: I have ADHD and depression secondary to ADHD.  I have been on Seroquel and Effexor (both generic) for several years.  I also take generic Adderall.  Seroquel kills 3 birds with one stone for me.  I sleep much better.  Without it sometimes my ADHD stimulant causes sleeplessness.  My depression is well controlled.  And it helps me concentrate better.
116: They told me that over a short time of taken it I would stop sleeping for 12-15 hours. I have been taken this med for over a month and I still sleep this way. I still have my ups and downs with my moods. I don't see where it is helping me any at all.
117: This medication saved my life!
118: think its ineffective
119: My experience with medication is; In  the first time i got them,I wasn’t sure if I should take  or not. But people who they supporting me with this they gives me a little push because of my safety.When I start to take the  medication in the firs I was so sleepy and very  tired also i hade a lot of memories from my childhood it was for me wowww I couldn’t remember them. My body was very low. But day by day i get to use to them and take them everyday. Now i feel much better. Off course I have my open and downs but with the help of the medication of course I’ll be more available and i will be mich better. Thanky EQRead More Read Less
120: Took it for 3 weeks. Gained 15 lbs and aside from being sleepy, it did not help my anxiety at all.
121: I have been on this for about 4 years and it works great.I use this with Cymbalta.
122: take 50mg daily pluss lithum 250 mg twice daily after  some early side effects dry mouth toilet ect in first 2 months i feel new person thise docter saved my life after years of other meds by docters but he does have me have blood tests every 3 months hope helps
123: I have Bipolar II Disorder.  My doctor started me on Seroquel 300 mg along with 2 other meds (Wellbutrin and Trileptal) to treat all of the symptoms for this disorder.  I became stable in about a year and a helf.  And so for the last 8 years I have been able to sleep and function and hold down a good job.  Then they came out with the generic.  I have been on it for approximately 3 months.  It's not working.  I have not been able to fall asleep as I previously did.  I have now resorted to taking 1 1/2 to 2 Xs the dosage just so I can sleep.  Sometimes I lay in bed for 2 to 2 1/2 hours waiting for sleep.  Now my stability has been compromised because I have been forced to take the generic equivolent as I can no longer afford the brand name.  Working at getting this corrected, but beware of the generic form of Seroquel (quetiapine fumarate)!  It is not as efficacious as the real thing.  Read More Read Less
124: Ive been taking seroquel for 6-7 months and I love the ease of sleep but hate that I have to sleep for 10+ hours or I struggle to function in the morning and have a headache. otherwise, I haven't cried in months but still have the mania.
125: Prescribed to deal with manic tendencies at bedtime/to help me fall asleep.  Xanax does a better job (works faster).  Going to talk to my Dr about this.
126: Been on it 2 years. Only helps me sleep. Nothing Else. Dont do it
127: My father was given quetiapine by the family doctor. Family now believe it was used to stupify him.  It stole his soul actually, and ultimately killed him when the decision was finally made to withdraw him from it.  Coming off quetiapine is easier said than done.   I would urge people to think twice about using this drug or administering it to loved ones.
128: I experienced my first and hopefully only psychotic break about a year ago due to abruptly stopping my prescribed dosage of Zoloft to treat my depression/ OCD symptoms. This resulted in my placement in the psychiatric ward, where the doctors switched my meds from Zoloft 200mg per day at night to Seroquil 600mg per day, 200mg in morning and 400mg at night. I understand that they did this in order to stabilize me and help me get to sleep (I was finding it difficult to go to sleep at night). Immediately I noticed a change in my mood. I no longer could feel any of my normal emotions and all I could feel were a powerful feelings of paranoia and fear. My OCD symptoms became worse. I am sure this is connected to the psychotic break. I became numb to all feelings of happiness, sadness, anger... All I could feel were loneliness, shame, and fear. Additionally, I lost the ability to dream (I would pass out promptly after taking Seroquil and wake up in the morning, having felt asleep for only about a minute). After the psych ward I was transported to a residential care facility, and over the course of 3 months I was able to reduce my dosage from 600mg to only 100mg in the evening. Through tapering off Seroquil, I have been able to feel almost my full range of emotions again and I have felt comfortable expressing them. Peers and doctors were able to notice a marked difference in my mood, demeanor, sleep patterns, interaction with others, self-esteem, etc. The last change in my dosage (from 200mg to 100mg) was almost 8 months ago, and the new psychiatrist I have been seeing (not the psychiatrist from the residential care unit) has been resistant to the possibility of tapering off my Seroquil completely. I am looking forward to working with a future psychiatrist and future therapist in order to slowly wean myself off Seroquil completely. This is because I want to switch to naturopathic medicine and therapy to help with my depression and insomnia
129: no comment
130: I KNOW THAT SEROQUEL HAS HELPED ME OVER THE PAST 4 YEARS OF USE. I HAVE JUST BEEN TOLD BY A PSYCHIATRIST TO INCREASE TO 150 MG., WHEN I TOLD HIM I ZAS HAVING A LITTLE TROUBLE SLEEPING, MY ISSUE WITH SEROQUEL IS THE SAM OF MANY PEOPLE I KNOW...TIRED, DRUG HANGOVER...I TAKE IT AT NIGHT WHICH WORKS EXCEPT, IN THE MORNING I HAVE A REAL HARD TIME GETTING GOING....I'M SEEKING A MED THAT CAN TAKE IT'S PLACE...GEODON  IS NOT ONE, I AM ALLEGIC TO XYPREXA...CAN YOU HELP !!!
131: Ill write as Anonymous J. well i recently was given this drug for undisclosed reasons and feel that most doctors are just pushing prescibed medicine to expand thier financial gian, not relizing the full effects of it and the underlined symtoms it cuases.. i have been diagnosed with multiple disorders, yet i believe that some of the medications are the cuase due to the side effects. i have experienced (akward nightmares, impared motorskills and fitiege)among others that i cant even explian.... my overall experience is that i dont like taking it but according to my doctors i should continue todo so.... but going agianst A.M.A, i havent for the past week and seemingle enough i havent had nightmares or impaired motorskills and or fitiege.... so i will continue not to take them until my next doctors appointment!                            thsnks webmd for allowing me to share my experience,strenght and hope!                      signed, Anonymous J                          Las vegas, nevadaRead More Read Less
132: This has been extremely hard on my body.  I feel stoned nearly all day and struggle to get out of bed.  I previously had plenty of energy.  Also getting a lot of muscle spasms.  They have reduced the dose from 300 mg to 100 mg but I am still feeling really fatigued.  I want to stop it completely but have to reduce gradually as the side effects of suddenly stopping are heinous.  My body feels really inflamed since beginning this.  Don’t recommend it at all.  

I’ve also found it has stolen any feelings of happiness.  I’m normally a positive person but have felt really flat and it is hard to feel positive now.  I would call it a depressant.Read More Read Less
133: It works with my mood swings it just u gain a lot of weight.stomach get up set and I vomit when I mess a dose .dry mouth,sever constipation. Fast /irregular heartbeat. I'm not to fond of this medication.
134: I took this med for 3 months and my weight went from 140 to 190.Then there was the next day,zomby-like feeling.The drug worked for the Bipolar,but it had me so far out that I was beyond space.It is very strong.I was taking the highest dose(800mg) at night.Slept great,but I had the next day hangover.Oh yeah,when I took it at night if I didn't go to bed immediately it would make my shoulders ache like I had the weight of the world on them.It was very effective except for the hangover and weight gain.I found out that hypothyroidism was on of the side effects and that's why I gained the weight.I've been off it for a month now and the weight is slowly falling off. All in all I would have to say that it is very effective.I hope this helps.Read More Read Less
135: I take this for insomia.  It works in that I can go to sleep, but I can't get up in the morning without a hungover feeling.  Not to mention I sleep 10 + hours on it.  Not good for me at all.
136: It allows me to feel normal and sleep normal. I am a calmer person and have so much more patience with my kids and grandkids. Its hard for me because this medication is so costly sometime I don't have the money to purchase my meds.
137: To tell you honestly I am already dependent to this sleeping pills that my psychiatrist prescribed me I started drinking this way back 2015 then from now on I’m taking this pills up until now.
138: I suffer from static in my brain, which was making me agitated all the time, and I also deal with moderate paranoia, which this drug has pretty much minimized. I take 150mg a day, and its the best medicine Ive ever taken, and beleive me Ive tried many.
139: I was put on 100 mgs of Quetiapine to start with, it caused major type 2 diabetes, trouble with bladder control, couldn't sleep for weeks at a time if I did I would find myself having hallucinations and sleepwalking too. This drug did not help with anxiety or any major depressive disorder, in fact I felt even more suicidal being on it. Be very careful if prescribed this medication.
140: My throat-got-soar,my tongue came out and it was like hanging me,i stammered as side-effect.Doctor came after begging for help many hours late and gave 2-Parkin-2mgs and phenorgan Injection.Please notify me if its possible to stop the medicine and avoid side-effect.
141: I started quetipine about 6 months ago it really helped me with my mood staying stable and my panic attacks. This medication dosnt make me feel like a shell of a person which has been a struggle with previous medications. I’m just over all much happier and can appreciate the little things again.
142: Every thing was fine.  At bedtime and taking 300 of 600 of daily dose my sinus's got congested.  I used a nasal spray when I woke up in the middle of night and I could not drink to get water on board because I felt like I was suffocating. Good results.
143: Has worked very well-just don't care for the drowsy side-effects. However, without it my mania keeps me awake so I think its a fair trade.
144: Started taking 200mg along with Lamectal. Within 20 minutes I was so tired I could hardly talk. I no longer had high/low but I felt like a zombie-no emotions at all, always tired and dragging, no desire to do anything. Decreased to 100mg and felt emotionally better but still had a hard time completing tasks. Here it is 7 years later with a new doctor. After learning more about the side effects I decided I had had enough. We made a plan to get off quetiapine- SLOWLY to prevent a manic/depressive episode. It took 6 months and I am totally off it. I had to retrain myself to fall asleep drug-free but I did it. I feel 100% better! My head's not foggy, I have energy, projects are actually getting completed. This does not feel like the manic highs I've experienced before. I just feel good. Like a new lease on life. Do your research and talk with your doctor before taking this drug.Read More Read Less
145: Lots of side effects. Muscle pain /weight gain /kidney problems/tiredness /dizzyness/addictive.
146: If it weren't for seroquil I would NOT sleep at all!  It usually keeps me on an even "keel" in the am.
147: I started this medication about 3 years ago and other than some weight gain I am very Happy with it.  I have been on so many medications and finally I have found a good fit.
148: HELPS TO TO TO SLEEP FASTER BUT STILL FEEL DEPRESSED. IM ONLY ON 50MG AT NIGHT AND JUSTED TAKING IT 4 DAYS AGO.
149: Seroquel was not for me at all. My doctor put me on 800 mg a day right away. I was a zombie..I had no feelings whatsoever. Worst experience of my life. I couldn't function. It would knock me out within 5 mins of taking it, and then I couldn't get up in the morning. It affected my work more than it did not being on meds.
150: Sometimes I think it is effective, then their are days, I know it isnt as effective with the symptoms. Im only taking 50mg at this time thought, my doc wants to bump me up to 100mg.
151: Quetiapine has worked for me for the past 10 years.  However, now I find that I’m getting immune to its effects.  However, it makes my anhedonia much worse.  I have a real problem expressing any kind of emotion.  I’m just flat.
152: Works somewhat better than Lithium but the weight gain is terrifying and tired all the time.
153: Had Q x3 in 6 mo,1st ok until hives facial & joint swell at 4wks.Stopped Q tried other antipsy in 2mo,Q sensitized me to others,no luck. March restarted Q as desperate 2nd reaction face swelled,body hives.NOW,had a breakdown psych wouldnt give me anything new,got ref to senior psych,unmed for 2mo He convinced me to take both Q&lamotrigine(also sensitive to)thru desperation agreed,called them cure to severe dep&mood dis.Started at 25mg for wk 50mg after,NO improvement on mood previous good results in days on this dose,im WORSE angry,low,anxious,in bed crying.Foggy head cant do any tasks no convos.weight gain even though I cant eat so bloated I look preg.Hives needed steroids,Feet were wwollen couldnt walk Water retention on thighs,acid reflux x4 a day presc antihis. because of Q too dont help at all. 3days ago He took away only lamo&told wait a week!I cant live this way,stop todayRead More Read Less
154: The drug is used in adjunct with my regular anti depressant.  I feel great on it but the biggest drawback is I gained 20 lbs. in 2 weeks.  I have to stop it because I run high cholesterol, and have a family hx. of heart disease.  I wish they could come up with a drug that does not cause weight gain as a side effect.
155: I have been on the max 800 mg along with lithium,trazadone, and the max amount of paxil 80mg for about eight months. So far i only deal with thirst and a slight increase in appatite. When i first started taking it i dealt with a drug hangover but it has gotten better over time. It helps with sleep and dreams and some aggitation but i still battle with Bipolar 1 Disorder. For the most part i would reccomend it to others. It is a good drug.
156: I've been on this drug for 10 yrs.. not a good experience I had scary side effects orthostatic hypotension.. and passing out.. rapid heart rate. But it did help in ways and helped me sleep .
157: i have none of the symptoms that are listed for this medication. dr was suppose to be given me someting to help me sleep and this is not it.
158: I've been taking 12.5 mil of Quetiapine for sleep for about 8 months.It helps me sleep, however I wake up groggy and feel that way most of the day. I don't know how anyone can function on higher dosage's. If I don't sleep very well. Does Anyone else have the same groggy feeling the next day on small amount?
159: Been on it for 6mnth now, i take 200mg.  I have put on 2 stone in 6mnths, i am sleeping better but no change during the day
160: Very good treatment antidepressant and sleep disorder, this medication help me a lot in my mental disorder and.schizophria. I take 300 mg.
161: my shrink put me on 300mg of this meds i have felt my schizo is better under control  since being on this meds dont be worried they do work
162: makes me feel too sedated. Zombiefied.
163: I have been on the drug for a little over one year and I'm up 30 pounds.  I'm only taking 12.5 (1/2 pill of 25 MG) in the PM, but I still am challenged to get out of bed in the morning, BUT the weight gain is my major concern.  I've NEVER weighed this much before.  I want off this drug.  I take  Effexor in the AM and Xanax to get to sleep.  This drug was to help me stay asleep.
