1: life sdaving medication,nothing else worked does require dedication and compliance been taking 18 years
2: bi-polar drug is ok but I must have weekly blood tests to make sure my white blood cells are ok. CVS pharmacy will not release Cloapine to me unless they too get a copy of my weekly blood levels.
3: This medication has been a possitive experience for my patient. He no longer has hellucinations. This has given him a better life.
4: My brother started clozapine over 10 years ago. it changed his life and he got back what the mental disorder  had taken from him. he use to be hospitalized against his will on a regular monthly basis. the police would take him by force. he was violent and paranoid and i felt so sorry and scared of him. I love him but he hated me when he got sick. He and I now live together and his life is so good. he is happy and takes the medication on his own because it works. he has never been hospitalized sinse taking clozapine.Read More Read Less
5: Nothing worked for my daughter except this. She has been on this medication for 4 years, blood draws are only once every month now. This has been the best medication and she has tried them all!
6: our son was doing terrible with all other meds but this one really helped him so very much. thank you
7: I am taking 25 mg per night to address the manic part of my bipolar disorder.  Even at such a low dosage, it makes me very drowsy and it's hard to get started in the morning.  On average, I sleep between 10-12 hours a day with clozapine, when I used to sleep more like 7-8 hours.  Also, I have to have quite frequent blood tests to make sure my white cell count is not too low from the clozapine.  However, in spite of all these negatives, I still am glad to be on it because it has helped me remain stable and avoid hospitalizations for the past year and 8 months.Read More Read Less
8: It causes severe dizziness and drowsiness.
9: I am the younger brother and legal guardian to a 55 year old femal that has been on this treatment (colzapine) for approximately 20 years and we are finding that there are many problems after prolonged use of this medication. The reason that this treatment was sought was because the alternitive tretments were so devistateing to her general health and mental behavior. The alternitive medications were stelzine, thorzine, and heldol. Currently she is recieving 500 mg per day of clozapine along with other medications but as of the last 6 months she has been experianceing total regression of her illness, in other words she now is worse than she's been in the past 15 years. I would like to find a alternitive to clozapine. I would like to try a medication that was designed for a female if at all possible. She has been hospitalized 4 times in the last 6 months and I'm running out of options. Any sugestions would be greatly appretiated
10: Best drug on the market for killing anxiety!!! Been on for more than 3 years.
11: This medicine has worked wonders for me.  I've tried pretty much all of the schizophrenia medicines. And this one is the best. It has stopped hallucinations, delusions, everything. The only thing i don't like about it is how much it makes me sleep. I've went from about 8 hrs a night to 12. Its still worth it though.
12: doesnt work, makes me tired the day after.. waste of time
13: These drugs are a complete waste of time - and human potential.  Accept yourself, and heal your life yourself.
14: stay come
15: I was diagnosed with bipolar disorder at age 16. I was suicidal, self-harming, and being hospitalized several times a year. My adolescent psychiatrist tried to treat me with dozens of medication regimens including antidepressants, mood stabilizers, and antipsychotics. When I began to see my adult psychiatrist, we tried ECT. Then he prescribed Clozaril. At 200 mg I was able to stop ECT. I have taken it for 13 years. In that time I have not been hospitalized, I have a full time job, and even though I have to get my blood work done every month, I am perfectly fine with being on this medication.Read More Read Less
16: My Dr. prescribed this for me because I have anxiety.  The only real problem I had was the dosage.  This pill comes in a 50mg tab and I cut it to 25mg and I was still dizy so I cut that in 1/2 so 12.5 mgs and now I'm very good.  So I've had a positive experience except of course when I first wake up in the morning it's slow going.
17: My son had been tormented with mental illness since in high school. He attempted suicide 2 times heard voices and thought tv and radios were talking to him. He had been in mental hospital 3 times, and it was not until a very excellent psychiatrist started him on clozaril, that it was like a miracle. He is on very low doses and can function now , go to school and work. He is also on low dose lithium at bedtime. Although monthly blood draws can be a nuisance , it is well worth the inconvenience.  he also has an excellent therapist who helps him look forward and not rehash the past.Read More Read Less
18: I've been on clozapine for over two years now. I recommend going to the hospital when you start off cause they took a lot of blood work and vitals. I wasn't expecting a med change when I was there but I got one. It made me a bit tired at first but my catatonic signs slowly went away. Now I have a part-time job after many trials of antipsychotics. I'm on a low dose of clozapine though. I think less is best because of the side effects.
19: I suffer from Bi-Polar disorder.  This medication helps me sleep which is great.  The affects are blurred vision, tremors, increased saliva, tongue movements, dizziness and tiredness.  The blood test are a pain but worth it despite the affects.
20: I’m a female was put on it years ago to combat my suicidal thoughts watch out tho because I had a severe anaphylactic shock to it I died they brought me round with shocks when I came back to life I couldn’t do anything eat drink swallow walk breathe move any part of my body had to be watched 24/7 for six weeks
21: My Father had Parkinson's, mild dementia, and heart stents.  One dose at bedtime, he passed away the next morning!  Do not recomend!!!
22: My Husband had been on and off of about 12 different medications. All of which did not work for his hallucinations, delusions and voices.
He was deemed "Treatment Resistant" and decided to try Clozapine as a last resort. It saved our marriage and our lives. He became very sick with Myocarditis when they initiated the meds. It almost killed him, which is why they use it as a last resort. It was very scary, but nurses said they had seen this reaction before and it would pass. They were right.
It was worth the risk
23: how to stop taking it and why do i also been taking other med that are red flaged not to take toger clozapine + topiramate
24: I dont recommend to nobody, had been on clozapin 5 yr ago, walking like a zombie, my hands were shaking like parkinsonic so i couldnt shave, even slobbered, my dr prescribed for that valium i refused. Very bad!
25: If you’re thinking about taking clozapine!! Think again!  It is the most destructive brain altering drug known to man!  There is no way of getting off it without major relapse! FACT  It should never be a last resort med!!!  If you want to end some ones life put them on this med!
26: I have tried almost all antipsychotic meds for my schizophrenia and clozapine has worked the best.  The weekly blood test are a pain but worth it for the relief.
27: very calming
28: My daughter was placed on Clozaril (Clozapine) 3 or 4 years ago and has done extremely well on this medication. She had been on everything else and this is the 1st time a med has worked for her. Both of us are very happy with this medication. High praises from both of us.
29: weakness,sweats, drooling, dizzy
30: I was on 3 other types of antipsychotics before trying clozapine, it has definetly made a huge difference but the effectiveness is starting to wear off after 4 years on this medicine-
31: Helped the anxiety I was dealing with, but coming off of it was very difficult
32: I have had serious side effects and I'm not real happy about the weekly blood tests. Howevfer, I have tried everthing under the sun to get some sleep and this is the only one that works.
33: My 42 yr old son had paronoid bipolar and was on clozapine for l6 days.  He wasn't even suicicidal.  He died on the l6th day of being on clozapine. He died of a heart attack.   I say take this horrible drug off the market.  It kills people.  He was healthy before he started taking clozapine.  I blame the doctor for putting him on it when he wasn't even suicidal.  There were other drugs he could have put him on.  Now we lost out beautiful 42 yr old son.
34: it has made the voices quieter and less threatening than they were.
35: I was in and out of hospitals on different meds that weren't working. I got put on clozapine alongside buspirone, clonazepam, amantadine and fluphenazine and I found that that cocktail has been effective. The fluphenaize feels ok/good for a week or two between injections, and the clonazepam and buspirone help some with anxiety. Surprisingly I find that the buspirone works better. Cant tell if the amantadine does anything. Lastly, clozapine has been the most helpful anti psychotic I've ever taken. Way better than haldol and zyprexa, and helps stop visual and auditory hallucinations significantly. Clozapine makes me kind of sleepy so I spead out the dosage throughout the day. Other than that, no complaints. Clozapine is a great medication.Read More Read Less
36: I have been taken high dosage of this medication for 6 yrs now.  It has helped but still periodically suffer setbacks.  Mostly obsessing and depression but have recently been given medications for those conditions.
37: Tried all other antipsychotics and Clozapine has been superior.  Found that using Clozapine with Haldol (or other antipsychotic) is not a good idea.  Clozapine alone, is best.  Give it at least 6-9 months and don't be afraid to go up on dosage if all testing indicates ok to do so.
38: So far so good.Weekly bloodwork a hassle.
39: it work great the best i ever had
40: I’m very depressed on it
I feel like drinking and it would kill me
The combination of alcohol and this medication 
But I really don’t care
It makes me tired
It makes me depressed 
It makes me have no pleasure in any of my interests
41: I do not like the pamphelet information about the drug.I think it is too general and may encourage it's use by people without genuine need to use it.I think a different marketing approach would be helpful.
42: Worked 4 me, very quickly was hospitalized when they started it, my 1st experience w/hallucinations. Stopped them,none in 6 yrs,blood draw monthly.It's a life saver, I haven't experienced any negative side effects or allergic effects .
