1: We give this to my hubby who suffers from Alzheimer's anger outbursts and confusion.  This med has completely eradicated the outbursts, but his affect and personality are totally flat.  He has no emotional reaction to ANYTHING, which is preferable, but not ideal.  We sometimes have to make these choices, I guess.
2: I have adjusted well to this med for bipolar with manic depression. I take it at night and it makes me sleep better about 2 hours before waking very vivid weird dreams I usually get up when I awake from these dream I awake groggy sleepy but it passes after a few minutes about 15 min I have noticed a huge difference in my attitude towards my family seems to be helping with my mood swings my family notices a difference in my moods  I am taking Cymbalta along with this med and the combo seems to be the trickRead More Read Less
3: I was on this for emotional intensity disorder and borderline personality symptoms. I have gained 20 lbs in two weeks and another 3 lbs in past 4 days. The weight gain has happened so fast and my legs/ankles have swelled up so bad I am not having to use compression stockings. I have sever pain in my legs. I have been off of the medication for about 6 days now and the additional 3 lbs has been in last 4 days since I have been off. It's so frustrating to keep getting bigger at such a fast rate. Dr. have ckd my labs, chest xray, etc due to symptoms including shortness of breath. Pain and swelling gets much worse by mid afternoon after I have been standing/walking on my legs. Did really well for my mood, but the side effects had to stop. Following up with my primary dr. to ck wt/pain in two more weeks.Read More Read Less
4: its used on a 7 yr old child
5: i have schizoaffective disorder, and found that this drug did work for the most part the side effects were too extreme for me(rigidness, dry mouth and extreme weight gain, about a hundred pounds) i found my symptoms were better controlled with just litium and trazadone.
6: My experience in taking this drug was a ngeative one. I was so stiff and could barely wake up much less move in my day-to-day life. As soon as I got off of it I stopped feeling like a robot and could even breathe fully!
7: good
8: First day taking 2mg risperidone I felt alittle dizzy. After first day no high feeling at all. I have been increased to 4 mg and after 4 weeks I have noticed my focus and concentration is better, side affects medicine makes alittle tired not to bad.
9: I have taken this medication for 2 years.  When I started taking it I was tired all the time, falling asleep in school, I had been working out 3-4 times a week beforehand and that stopped.  I gained 40 lbs and now have stretch marks all along my waistline.  I went off the medication for 4 months and felt great.  I lost 25 pounds, was in the gym 4 days a week, made the dean's list and felt alive.  Some people from my past did something awful to me and I ended up back in the hospital for 2 weeks.  I was back on the meds and despite doing 3 hours of cardio on an elliptical a week I continued to gain weight slowly.  If I take 2 pills I go to sleep.  This drug is a sedative and destroys your quality of life.Read More Read Less
10: I have been on for about a year  gain 30lbs   some  other side effects i can handle ok  helps with the anger alot and the crying spells
11: Hear soud (voices) calling mad and other things i just think.
12: my 9yr old show no signs of his bipolor/other pschosis taking a .5mg tab every day. its been 4yrs since a hopitalzation.and is no longer talking to people are hearing them tell him to do bad things.
13: I have been taking this med now for about 6 months and the only thing i can say about it is run away from this one quickly. Do not even consider taking this med. I had not been sleeping very good so the md gave me this to help with my sleep. I take Citalipram and Atenolol and Lasix, I just found out today that taking these together could cause heart problems and Stroke and possibly Death. I will not take any more of this drug. I have been tired sleepy and confused and cannot remember anything. Also today I found out from my pharmacist that it could help bring on Alzheimers. Why did my Dr. give me this?Read More Read Less
14: Was given this medication to help me be able to sleep and feel less anxiety. It not only increased anxiety, but caused severe heart palpitations. It was like being on speed. Would not recommend to anyone
15: My oldest Daughter was Diagnosed with   PDD-NOS in Preschool. this drug has been very helpful in maintaing balance....preventing or reducing her fixation on an event or thing and over all making her alot easier to deal with. the biggest worry we have is teh weight gain side effect since both sides of her biological family are large. other then that it has been a great drug and has worked in our case at VERY low dosage levels 2mg/day
16: I have gained a lot of weight.  Raised my blood sugars over 300's.  Makes me really really tired.  Don't get much done because always being tired.  Having a hard time getting the VA docs to let me off this drug...
17: I took 1mg gained 20 lbs the first month. I have to admit though that I felt great on the medication.  I did not want to risk anymore weight gain as I was already at 220 when I started the medication due to prolixion.  Not only that but I had a friend on resperidol and she was proscribed 30mg a day.  She not only gained a bunch of weight but she had sores around her ankles and swelling which I too had swelling.
18: I hate this medicine. Makes me feel like I have to stay in bed all day and can hardly function. Dizziness and muscle jerks
19: In taking this with Zyprexa my ex passed died at the age of 40 of accidental overdose of RX meds.
20: Since starting this medication I have gained weight, have a headache each day and feel like I am losing my emotions. Like a flat....I taking it to stop the crazy thoughts I get but not sure if it is really working and if it is worth taking with all the other side effects.
21: To get me through a bout of clinical depression, my doctor added low-dose risperidone to the two other drugs I normally take. The positive effects were apparent the day after I began taking it. It has greatly minimized any self-destructive inclinations. In short, I think it saved my life.
22: My son is 8 years old, has Autism and had been on the medication for close to 2 years. He had excessive weight gain and developed breasts. The doctors told us we just needed to monitor his diet better and make sure he excersized more. Needless to say we were not happy with the side effects.
23: Had allergic reaction to this crap I would not recommend to anybody use extreme caution!
24: I have been prescribed this medication for alleged auditory hallucinations. How long before this med works? I take 1 .5 mg before bedtime.
25: My 9 year old daughter has been taking this for agression due to her diagnoses of PDD-NOS. We saw a decrease in biting, screaming, throwing objects RIGHT AWAY! After about 2 months we are starting to see the behaviors creep back up. Plus, for the past two days she has been complaing that her "heart" hurts, but she points to her nipples. Not sure if it has to do with the fact that it can make you lactate or affects heart rate? But now i am nervous to continue giving the medication to her. i will be calling the Dr. For now I am not giving it to her.Read More Read Less
26: I have had Bipolar Disorder for as long as I can remember. Up until around April or May of 2020, I was actually holding it together. But, starting around April/May, I have uncontrollable mood swings, depression, mania, brief visual/auditory hallucinations, etc. Despite myself AND everyone in my family thinking otherwise, our psychiatrist insists it's due to lack of exercise, social stress, my Social Anxiety Disorder, etc., and denies the medications being ineffective. I'm assuming this is PARTLY due to also taking an ADHD stimulant that's been taking forever to get off of, but I still feel as if I'm slowly losing my mind and this medication has become ineffective. I feel as if it may be quite a good medication for some, but it has been becoming less and less effective over the past years of my life.Read More Read Less
27: I find it hard to wakeup in the next morning when I'm taking this drug at night. But it improved my condition to better.
28: I have suffer a severe side effect from this medication. I have serverly swollen feet, ankles and lower legs. Is there any other medications like this that I can take w/o these side effects, that is generic and cheap?
29: tired
30: This Drug is wonderful and if taken in the proper dose and make sure it doesn't inter react to other meds this medicine is great. I take toprimate for headaches which is a seizure medication so tlhat prevents the weight  gain. I also take Zoloft. The combinations of these three drugs are the prefect three for me.
31: I have just started this drug today.  But, after reading all the info about it, I am very concerned of the side effects.  I read the reviews from others and it looks like a lot of patients are really unhappy with this medication.  It states severe weight gain.  Does it just automatically make you gain weight or can you control the weight you gain, ie: diet, exercise, etc.?  I dont want to have a heatstroke or diabetes either.  I need something to help my bipolar moods, that are mostly depressed no mania.  I just don't want to have a new illness develop from a medication that I'm taking for my mental well being.  Does anyone have any positive info to give me.Read More Read Less
32: I was on Risperidone for 2 years and gained almost 60 pounds. My doctor did a TERRIBLE job alerting me of side affects. It is very detrimental to a person who is already depressed to gain than much weight and be told that you are just not living a healthy lifestyle. It did not calm my anxiety. I was tired all the time, had hot flashes. I was never told the dangers of using this drug long term.
33: Causes short migraines, terrible face and body acne, hair loss, feels like your face is fighting from making weird faces, cotton mouth in the morning. Morning soreness. Makes you feel terrible in the morning. Blurry vision I couldnâ??t read a soap label in the morning while sitting on the toilet while the soap box was in the shower. Dehydration. Hunger-ness, hard to hold back negative thoughts about individuals and makes your mood swings shift in a negative manner. Causes an addictive feeling. Makes me extremely happy when I take 1mg instantly. Makes me feel itchy. Makes my eye lids itch. Irritable bows. Figity, hard to maintain focuse and keep a straight thought with task at hand  Makes you stand out in a weird way. Did I mention major mood swings. Gives you major trust issues. Me personally I am able to control these feelings but others Iâ??m not so sure about. Hard to control your bows makes u have to use it every hr honestly. Didnâ??t make me trip or see things. Hard to sleep and go back to sleep once woken. Dizziness when wakes up. Hard to remember things especially. Tends to feel like u have to throw up in the morning. Makes you open to being defenseless lowers self esteem Read More Read Less
34: This med bothers me some.  I have been on it for over a year and the biggest problem I have is a lack for any kind of sexual activity.  I do sleep quite a bit and my energy level is low.  I have severe PTSD from Vietnam and this is one of the meds prescribed to me.  I hope to stop taking it pretty soon.
35: I have been taking this medication since I was 15 (I am now 22) This medicine was working very well in the beginning but after 6 years of taking it I Started to feel my symptoms coming back ( feeling suicidal once a week, feeling a slight manic high once a week). So I began to take lithium as well (since last year) and I haven't felt this good EVER! would def, recommend those two combined
36: This medication is a joke!! It’s doesn’t help with anything that I have been diagnosed with from scitzophrenia to anxiety, bipolar you name it! Am I the only one who has been on this medication for 4 years and am suffering from lose of memory????  An honest person down to earth and suffer from the disappointment of life and this drug doesn’t help with anything! I am losing my memory and refuse to take this fda approved nonsense until someone can justify this has nothing to do with memory loss. WARNiNG I would seriously reconsider and do some research on this drug before taking. Sincerely one of gods angels to another.Read More Read Less
37: My tongue is swollen and so sore, just started happening a week ago and wasn't sure what caused it, so now I am wondering if it is this medication that I started taking about month ago and I am on a diet and sticking to it and have gained 17 pounds.
38: my step daughter has been on this drug for 10 months shes tired wakes up every night  has had high blood pressure high prolactin levels low white blood cell count pneumonia and gained over 20 pounds at 8 ive got nothing good to say
39: eye twiching otherwise,not doing much of anything
40: The pill is effective in being and aid to decreasing OCD intrusive thoughts, but man it does cause major weight gain fairly quick then gradually.
41: my son has been on it for 4 weeks now,it makes him sleepy and he complains of hot headaches,he hasnt gain much weight,he was given 1mg to take daily along with cogentin for side effects.
42: no effect for bipolar illness/depression
43: While in the hospital and it was given through an  IV. ,I thought for sleep and anxiety, it worked great, but now at home it doesn't seem to have any effect that I can tell, except make me a little drowsy. The dosage at home is 0.25.
44: I am on 3mg of Riperidone. So far, I have gained 40  pounds because I have been off and on it. On days off, I sleep 12 or more hours a night, not including occasional 2 hour naps. When I don't sleep this much, I am tired beyond compare. I do not know if it affects my period since I am also on the Evra Patch Birth Control, but I do get tender leaky breasts. For me, this symptoms are livable. The only I don't care for is the weight gain, but I also don't exercise. Although I stayed in the mental ward for a week, it doesn't mean the medication didn't help. Without it, I wouldn't be the happy, fairly-stable person I am today. I have been on risperidone for 2 years and it helped me keep the psychosis reasonably quiet enough to let me learn how to cope with it on my own. At times, it'll seem like the medication isn't working it all. It will feel like you're on them for no reason. This is because there may be other causes (stress, etc.) that will make you have some "mishaps". It would of been a lot harder to handle my psychosis if I never took this medication. For me, it was worth it. However, it seems to have given me liver problems (waiting for diagnosis) and I may have to discontinue the meds. I think I am ready to take on my psychosis one-on-one.Read More Read Less
45: Thoughts still going on restlessness my immune system seems very weak been ill sense I started medication and not sure but im normally a righty now i do every thing with my left .. Oh also im hungry all the time which is not normal.
46: I am begining this medication today. I am very anxious at best to begin a new regiment of drugs, due to the recent diagnosis of diabetes on top of Hep c and Aspergers. I am very nervous about the weight gain due to the fact that I am now over 200 lbs and about 50 lbs over weight as a result of methadone maintainance. Any one who didn't gain a bunch???
47: I hope this is helpful. I've been taking this medication for close to 3 years .5 mg and it helped me. It calmed me down. I'm 32 years old. I have started working out at a gym and I'm feeling great. I gained some weight with it but working out has helped with that. I'm able to hold down a steady job and be promoted and making good money. I take my dosage at night , so it actually helps me sleep too. My family has seen a big change.
48: I WAS 8 YEARS ON STELAZINE 5 MG. THEN 18 YEARS ON RISPERDAL 2 MG. MY NEUROLOGIST TOLD ME THIS CONTRIBUTED TO MY DRUG RELATED PARKINGSON'S.
49: i have been taking for about a week and everyday i have a headach it get so bad i have a problem taking care of my 2 year old thank god for husbands.
50: Once my son felt happy,he felt like he didn't need it so I stopped giving it to him. Months later he had a breakdown.Now, he is taking it again faithfully.Also,my son and I will continue  to visit the doctor to get well. We are hopeful that with time he will take a less dose ,less than 1mg,at night.
51: I recently switched to Risperidone from taking Lamictal for 6 years. So glad I’m off Lamictal but I feel flat on Risperidone. Nothing makes me laugh anymore. I rarely have a reaction to anything. I’m super lazy now and have no motivation. Anxiety has worsened too. 
Thinking about asking my doctor to take me off of it.
52: Ex husband was a pack-a-day smoker.  Died of overdose of prescription medication, accidental.  prescribed this, Zyprexa, Neurontin,Lunestta, Sequeril, so on.  This was not a med he should have had available (prescribed for ANGER!)
53: I do not recommend this medicine if you’re very anxious daily in life. When I took risperidone it has unfortunately worsened my anxiety and I had daily panic attacks… however it did help me to think a little more clear and it took away the sharp edges of all my emotions. Unfortunately it wasn’t enough because of the heavy increased anxiety and panic attacks I got in return.
54: i have been experiencing side effects from the medication such as nausea, stomach ache, and vomiting.
55: This medicaine ruins peoples lives and can cause other health problems how convient for the drug companies.
56: Seems to be working but I'm still on my first week of it. Loud voices seems more calm, still lots of missing time. Still don't remember much about anything else.
57: concerned about weight gain, and being overweight.
58: this medication is not candy. I am 15 years old and struggle with bipolar disorder, ADHD, OCD, and major depressive disorder. I took risperidone for around 5 years and while the medicine does work, the side effects are extremely bad. It has helped my bipolar and anger. the worst side effect in my opinion is the extreme weight gain. i used to be underweight and gained over 100 pounds in less than 2 years. i wasnt able to stop eating and even exercise wouldnt make a difference. i went up to almost 220 pounds and i stopped taking it like 3-4 months ago and i’m down to 198 with doing absolutely nothing. i also take other medications that make me lose weight and i temporarily took wellbutrin for withdrawal but stopped that because it made me suicidal. anyways you will still lose weight going off of it. another side effect is akithisia. to those who don’t know what akithisia is it’s a motor movement disorder that makes you feel like your crawling out of your skin. it’s torture. that side effect especially happens with withdrawal from risperidone. it also makes me extremely tired like drugged tired. i would advise to take it at night not morning. the risperidone experience was scary and I would recommend trying other antipsychotics first.Read More Read Less
59: My daughter started taking this drug almost 3 1/2 years ago and over the past 7 months her doctor has slowly removed it from her regimen.  Her behavior changed drastically over these past 7 months and we just tried re-introducing it and some of the side effects are coming back and I am asking myself if it is worth the longterm problems for her body!  She experiences leg cramps and twitching and she hates it. We need alternatives with less side effects.  She is only 7 years old and has been thru sooo much with her medication changes and this worried mother would love to know what else I can do to make life better for her?Read More Read Less
60: I started out taking this med for depression for about a year now and it really helped right away. I have noticed it has helped with other things besides the depression and they are my Tinnitis(ringing in the ears)which I suffered from for ten years and the OCD that went along with the ringing. These disorders disappeared about a week into the risperidole and remain among the missing to this day. I call it my miracle drug. I started out on .05mg and within 3 months time I was taking 2 and a half mgs and would suggest it to anyone that suffers from any depression like disorders.Read More Read Less
61: my 6 year old child recently started taking this med
62: This medacation has caused mental fogginess, occassional emotional/mental response to social environment. Blank response in relation to facial and verbal reponse. This med was prescribed without any suffienct data to backup diagnosis for said patient. No testing, but pure misguided partially inaccurate information.
63: I have been taking  this drug for 10 years. It has helped but the side affects are unwanted. I have been constantly sleeping, dizzy when standing, sexual disfunctional , and elevated kidney levels and gained weight from 220 lbs to 280 lbs. I stopped taking this drug for about four months and my kidney level returned to normal . I became more alert and weight has dropped 11 lbs.
64: I gained a lot of weight while taking this medication (55 lbs!) and I am struggling to lose the weight now that I am off of it. The medication also left me extremely tired and "foggy".
65: tired all the time
66: This medication has helped me a great deal. I feel a lot better since I started taking this medication.
67: It helped me through a troubled time that I was not able to deal with. However some of the medications side effects are still current. I was taken off the medication 53 days ago.
68: I have schizoaffective disorder and I take Wellbutrin an Risperidone. I like both of the medications but them together makes my thought process and memory terrible. It makes school a lot harder for me.
69: I took this in 2008, when I was 12 for bipolar but I don’t remember any side effects at all. I was given this via shot in February of this year for a manic episode at the hospital along with lorazepam and boy, just the lorazepam would suffice because this was anxiety/restlessness x100!! After a few minutes of being injected two medications I began worrying and panicking about the smallest things such as Girl Scout cookies when I hardly even buy anymore, every little sound made me panic and hyperventilate. When I was waiting for my Uber in the lobby, people stared at me like I was a crack addict, I began swinging my arms around and up and down, pacing like crazy, moving from seat to seat, kicking my legs up and down, squirming, I eventually fell to the floor and began rocking back and forth and doing weird movements, speaking gibberish, pulling at my clothes and hair, scooting around, bursted out crying hysterically and hyperventilating and screaming, I ended up being re admitted where I was injected lorazepam once again and it was a sigh of relief. Never again. I missed my Uber and caused a scene in the emergency room but I didn’t and still don’t care. My mental health comes first, I never want to feel that way againRead More Read Less
70: It was prescribed to be 0,5 mg (10 drops) daily during lactation period. Igave to my baby, 14 months "clean milk" Without risperidone. The it was prescribed to me the risperidone oral drops during lactation in a small dose, under the premise that 0,5 mg will not pass to the baby.    Now I have Pituitary Gland Tumor, Pineal Gland tumor, diabetes, hiper insulinism. I had urinary incontinence as fecal one (that stopped). I had hyper menorreah, it was prescribed to me adenomiosis in the utherus, I had to have an hysterectomy. And I have Carpal Tunnel issue. We don't know if it is Dupuytren's or what. We still don't know if the problem of insulin comes from a pancreas damage or what.    All I know is that I had not that before the rsiperidone, and now I have it.    Just in case, after one month taking it, I had a super extraa menstrual bleeding and bothe hands slept with tingling. Since then hands problem had never stopped.    I wish the risks. Of taking the risperidone during lactation had been published. It only said, do not take it during lactation because the risks over the baby have not been established, so, that. Let th e open door for a petit dose, so the risks for the mother are the same of any other women taking it???   Now I am living this nightmare in a third world country, trying to prove all these...Read More Read Less
71: My boyfriend was prescribed this medication for hyperkenesia.  It did help a lot with the movement, but decided to stop due to side effects.  He pretty much stopped talking, drooling, loss of sexual desire, and incontinence.  If it weren't for the side effects he would still be on it.
72: I was recently diagnosed with schizophrenia and because of it changed my lifestyle.  I am on .5mg of risperidone.  Because of the change of lifestyle, there has been slight weight gain, so I'm not sure if that's attributed to risperidone.  I too have been tired, but not excessively.  It doesn't inhibit my quality of life.      I have experienced slight breast lactation that doesn't go away and sometimes I can't sleep.
73: feel better
74: My son uses this medication for anger problems. It works good,But sometimes it gives him hot flashes and headaches.
75: Has anyone experienced weight gain taking this?  I have been on it for almost three weeks and I have gained 5 pounds.  I am not sure if I should continue to take it.  But it has helped with my anxiety and back pain related to my anxiety.
76: my son is on this drug and constantly wants to eat he has gained 80 pounds
77: calm clear mind. not such spastic as before. lower levels of mania compared to before starting this drug.
78: Since I've been taking this drug my feet and ankles have swo;;en up BAD...is this common?
79: My daughter's were both perscribed this for Asperger's/Autisim and it gave them a big appitite and rapid weight gain. It also gives them higher cholesterol. The older girl was taken off it for a little while by their doctor, and the had less appetite and lost weight, she's now a healthy weight. When she was on it the first time her cholesterol was high too. Strange thing was the doctor that gave her the medication sent her for the blood work and didn't even mention the results. It changed her mood, but it is not worth jeapordizing her arteries or her getting over weight again. The younger one is irratable, and tired when she's on it.Read More Read Less
80: If I felt better alot more of the time I would feel alot better
81: It is for my son and there is no change.
82: I have only taken this med for 2 days! Hardly any horrible side effects except insomnia so I took it during the day. I feel so much better already.  The depression/anxiety isn't like it was. I was just recently diagnosed as bi-polar.  I have struggled daily for years I hope this med continues to take away my feelings of depression & anxiety.   Wish me luck
83: I am very happy with this. Before I started this, my other medication was Zyprexa, then Seroquel. I have a mild dose, it lowers my anxiety, stress, stops any hallucinations (which I forget about), and helps me feel good throughout the day. Zyprexa nearly killed me with a rare side-effect, and Seroquel ruined my health drastically causing my gall-bladder to be affected (removed). I don't recommend this for everyone, but for schizophrenia, it's a breakthrough.
84: I've been taking it for 2 months.  I have problems with dizziness (I walk like a drunk person at work) & my sex drive is non existent.  I'm weaning off the drug & now realize that this med. was causing me to want to do nothing buy sit around or  sleep. No motivation.  This med may be ok if you don't have to work, but I couldn't even come up with an original idea much less remember what I did last week.  I have much more motivation now that I've cut my dose by 33%.
85: After being treated for anxiety & mood disorder unsuccessfully with antidepressants & benzodiazapines,I was given Risperidone.5mg-3x/day. This is the only med that got rid of my panic attacks. It evened out my moods & I can enjoy life again. Stopped self medicating with alcohol.My marriage improved a lot & I can keep a job now.  On the down side, I have minor side effects like slight weight gain & fatigue. This med. changed my life for the better.
86: Okay seriously. For the last few weeks I've had increased heart rate and dizzy spells. On top of that I just noticed I'm lactating. I'm so calling the doctor in the AM. Can't stand hearing my heartbeat.
87: not sure
88: This medication was prescibed for chronic migraine, it caused me to have hyperprolactinemia.  I had no period for more than a year and it caused my breasts to leak milk even though I have no children. Even my gyn did not catch this one.
89: I HAVE TRIED SEVEN DIFFERENT TYPES OF ANTI/DEPRESSION MED'S UNTIL ONE DOCTOR PERSCRIBED THIS MED. CALLED risperidone THAT WORKED FOR ME. TIME TAKING THE MED. & DOSEAGE WAS THE CURE FOR ME
90: My son is 6 yrs old has been on this medicine for a little over a week.  his dr thinks he hears voices and has hallucinations as far as i can see it has stopped the "monsters outside his window"  however over the past few days he has started to grab his face and dig his fingernails into his skin leaving marks has anyone dealt with this before?  i am worried and cant get in touch w/ his dr until next week
91: THIS DRUG WAS VERY EFFECTIVE FOR ME I AM NO LONGER HAVING FEARFUL DREAMS.
92: I had been severely depresssed. Doctor added 1MG of Risperidone several years to anti-depressant within a week stopped thinking of suicide.    Doctor than lowered anti-depressant to lower dosage. Did gain some weight but I don't mind I'm so much happier.    No complaints, no side effects I'm aware of. Again I have been taking 1MG of Risperidone once a day at bedtime for years.    I'm more stable. Great product.    The anti-depressant is Effexor XR. I did try the generic version of Effexor XR released a few months ago.    Within 2 weeks I was back in the toliet with Depression.    And NO I don't have anything against using generics some of the other drugs I take are generic and they work fine.    Something must be different in the generic Effexor XR and the Namebrand. I was very surprized how quickly I slide back into depression.    I have PTSD Read More Read Less
93: this medicine helps with the problems im having but the the side effects are what i dislike the most the wieght gain sucks but thats the only really bad one i've had if you can handle that thing or some of the other side effect i suggest this medicine
94: still waiting for this to work been taking for three weeks along with other pills taking nine pills twice a day
95: It doesn't let me think alot especially of the past
96: What could happen if i stop taking it ?
97: i think this med worked for my anxiety and paranoia, but at only 1 mg it knocked me out and i cant take it. i can't function at all on this drug, can barely stay awake
98: I was like a zombie when i woke up in the mornings, if i slept at all.  Couldn't drive until the early evening.
99: I do see improvements in function. I can usually lose weight with a regular workout routine and just about any food. However, about 3-4 after taking this medicine if I eat some food from Denny's my metabolism is screwed. Maybe I should follow a low carb diet on this medication (50 g).
100: I took Risperdal to treat hallucinations caused by major depression. While it did ease my hallucinations as it was designed to do, it made me gain an unbelievable amount of weight & seemed to turn me into an emotionless zombie. I am obviously glad it helped with my hallucinations, but it did more hurt than help in my opinion.
101: I just get headaches and feel like, depressed 24hrs a day. nothing seems to help me. The dr has tried everything and at first it will work for a couple of months then my body just doesn't do anything. I go back into my depressed mania even while on medications and all i think about is I'm tired of taking pills there has to be another solution.
102: Risperdal was added to my meds, along with Prozac a week or so.   ! mg morning and 1 mg evening.   I had been having rage and irritability and it had gotten to the point where I was afraid I might hurt my kids or myself.  I called the pdoc and she added the Risperidone and the next day all the rage and irritability was gone, along with the residual depression.   It is a lifesaver.  I'm just worried about weight gain.  I;ve actually lost 2 lbs on it but I;m still worried.  I packed on 60 lbs in 2010 due to psych meds and I still haven;t lost it.Read More Read Less
103: I think this works for me. I sometimes worry about the long term side effects.
104: just started taking it
105: Made me extremely anxious and restless to the point when every second of my life was like hell. Felt as if I was in constant agony
106: Absolutely wonderful, at first was a bit tired but that is normal for me every time I start a new drug. My psychosis is nearly totaly undercontrol. Its absolutely wonderful.
107: taking for sleep
108: My episodes of mania have ceased and I'm living somehat of a normal existence now.
109: we are worried about the long term side affects on boys,our son is 8 has been on this for 2 yrs. he does not seem to show any of the side affects yet,we just learned of the potienal breast and female hormone issue. we would like information on how to take him off of this drug.
110: Ive been prescibed this medication because of severe anxiety and panic attacks . My first few days on it , I thought My life was saved , I could see and think clearly , Great great ! , But then I had a panic attack and then another . Im still home and afraid to drive .
111: i can feel alittle better on this medication and can sleep somewhat better also.
112: my 30 yr old son started taking with,Remeron, last Thurday. Sunday morning he passed out, Monday he was in the ER after another pass out with seizures
113: The risperidone I'm taking is doing almost nothing to get rid of my hallucinations. The only thing it does for me is keeps my psychotic anxiety from progressing to a full blown episode.
114: I was given the Rx to take at bedtime.. this is given to schizophrenics and it causes one to hear voices? Sounds like job security for masochistic shrinks. Feel MUCH better w/out it. I urge everyone to GET A SECOND OPINION!!!I now take a single dose of one med each day. Keep trying, there IS something better out there.
115: Dizyness confusion and diarrhea Weight  Gain Shuffling walk LIp Puckering
116: I have severe PTSD and Bipolar psychzoeffective disorder and this medication keeps the PTSD from ruling my life and helps with my depression and Bipolar disorder. I whole heartedly recomend this medication to anyone with psychosis or as a combination therapy for Bipolar disorder; however, I do not recomend this as your only medication for Bipolar disoder.
117: Horrible Horrible Horrible!!!  Blurry vision, night sweats, insomnia, stomach cramps, intense phantom itching ALL NIGHT, light halos, dizziness.  The single worse drug I have ever taken.
118: i have been taking this medication for about 2 months, i think it has done wonders for me. i've expierienced some side affects like weight gain, very drowsy so i take it at night, i lactate some times, increased sex drive. i don't like the head aches but it seems to be working great for me. if it makes you tired, try taking it before you go to bed, it makes the days not so sleepy!
119: my son was diagnosed as being bipolar at 3 yr old and was on several different meds that worked for a little while than would stop working for him. now that he is on the risperidone twice a day he's a completely different child and i couldn't be happier with the progress he is making at home as well as at school!!
120: my grandson is 15 has been taking this drug for over 5 years. I seen a tv program last night have many questions doctor will not answer.
121: Good, but am dealing with the the side effect of the raised level of the Prolactin hormone.    Overall? I feel so much better now that I am taking Risperidone.
122: I was only on .5 a milligram but it was absolutely terrible. It was making me so dizzy I couldn’t even stand and was throwing up from the dizziness. I had to lay in bed with my eyes closed or id be extremely dizzy and sick
123: caused a seizure. doctor was unwilling to correct problem, so i did it myself. nothing good to say about this med. i will say as long as i don't take fine!                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          Read More Read Less
124: i am having weight gain,blue vision. heart problem.rps4
125: The drug worked great. It had a very calming effect and helped my anxiety and racing thoughts a lot. After about a week of being on it, even at a low dose, I started lactating. This was especially scary because I've never had children and didn't understand it. I guess it had raised my prolactin levels which caused the lactation. It was severe too; it would soak right through my bra and shirt. Very embarrassing.
126: I take this medication for physical aggresion and it really doesnt make me any less physically sggresive but it does make me sleepy
127: This medicine is for my 15 year old son. He has Asperger's and they thought it would help him less agressive, which it has! But he has also gained a lot of weight and is developing breasts. And is now hearing voices at night!
128: i have'nt had no problem i sleep much better
129: Helps ease anxiety; struggling with drowsy side effects
130: I have been struggling with bpd type 2, for all my life, the risperdone has been the most effective in stabilizing my shifts in poles
131: I had a bad case of paranoia and this medication helped in many ways.It has relaxed my way of thinking and gave me hope on going on!
132: I had took this medication for a year, for bipolar, and psychosis I have gained 50lbs from this medicine and now Iâ??m 194lbs. It helped my anxiety , and manic issues but didnâ??t help my thoughts because now Iâ??m fat. I had no motivation, as well as no confidence . My thoughts would be racing non stop. I was on 2mg twice a day. Moved it to 1 and I was still experiencing bad symptoms; such as being very hungry, and very lazy. Iâ??d take it and get so relaxed I wouldnâ??t get up from my bed. Since I am off of it now, Iâ??ve gained all my motivation back, working out , walking, and able to control my eating . If anyone is experiencing these problems or trying to find out about this medicine , I recommend you to not take it . Unless you like being over weight. I am still taking something else for anxiety btw . Everything else is fine BUT this medication. Donâ??t take it .Read More Read Less
133: I was prescribed risperidone 13 years ago, however by denying my diagnosis I didn't commit to the medication until two years ago. I have now been to taking risperidone daily for the past two years. I feel normal again! It took about one year to achieve total wellness. Now my life is back on track. I love this medication. I haven't had any side effects and NO weight gain.
134: This medication  cause male infertility l use to treat my schizophrenia but it makes male produce infertile sperms...In twelve  years of use tried  to impregnate one hundred  ladies and unsuccessful...Serious  fertility  problems to male..
135: my daughter has ADHD & BIPOLAR DEPRESSION and her doctor put her on riseridone 0.5mg tab and tenex 1mg, they aint doing nothing for her at all but putting her to sleep all the time.
136: I first began taking Risperdal(name brand) in 2007, when I was having very serious psychological problems that involved terrible disorganized thinking, delusional thoughts, OCD, and Tourette's. I never heard any voices. It was just so bad, my disorganized thinking process, that I decided to get help in 2007, when I turned 25. In my late teens, I had tiny precursors but then at about 21, in 2003, I became so very sick. I lost my mind, literally. I could no longer pay attention, and was agitated, and had anxiety so bad. All of this plus terrible concentration problems. In 2007, the psychiatrist prescribed me Paxil, Klonopin, and Risperdal. It was just so amazing how much "junk" was cleared out of my head. It was like a really humid day, and then a cold front sweeps through and takes all of the moisture with it, and it becomes cool, dry, with no humidity. That's how I would describe these meds as feeling for about the 1st 3 to 3.5 years. Then I switched to a generic Risperidone, and began having some problems again. My Tourette's came back, in full force. My thoughts were once again scattered. Not as bad, but this was junk compared to Janssen's brand name "Risperdal." So I give the Risperidone up all together, and became nuts in the head again with thoughts and garbage flying everywhere in my head. So back on the generic I went. Since I switched to generic, the combo of Risperidone and Clonazepam has caused me much trouble with wetting the bed. I've tried to go off the Risperidone numerous times, but always got back on it due to the craziness in my head. The only complaint I have about Risperidone, is that the Generic isn't as good. Also, it makes me go crazy upon taking it. So I take it right before bedtime, literally. It is a wonderful drug because I have most of my mind and life back. Even though I've gained 150 lbs and have unpleasant side effects. It's great knowing I can have myself back, not all, but most of my old self with the amazing help of Risperidone. 9/10Read More Read Less
137: this sucks! i gained like 30lbs in just under 2 years. i felt like a embarrassment! like some ugly over weight kid. it did help me a bit tho. if you want the risk of being over weight this med is good for you.
138: stops crazy thoughts
139: Does it cause weight gain
140: It was prescribed to be 0,5 mg (10 drops) daily during lactation period. I gave to my baby, 14 months "clean milk" Without risperidone. The it was prescribed to me the risperidone oral drops during lactation in a small dose, under the premise that 0,5 mg will not pass to the baby.    Now I have Pituitary Gland Tumor, Pineal Gland tumor, diabetes, hiper insulinism. I had urinary incontinence as fecal one (that stopped). I had hyper menorreah, it was prescribed to me adenomiosis in the utherus, I had to have an hysterectomy. And I have Carpal Tunnel issue. We don't know if it is Dupuytren's or what. We still don't know if the problem of insulin comes from a pancreas damage or what.    All I know is that I had not that before the rsiperidone, and now I have it.    Just in case, after one month taking it, I had a super extraa menstrual bleeding and bothe hands slept with tingling. Since then hands problem had never stopped.    I wish the risks. Of taking the risperidone during lactation had been published. It only said, do not take it during lactation because the risks over the baby have not been established, so, that. Let th e open door for a petit dose, so the risks for the mother are the same of any other women taking it???   Now I am living this nightmare in a third world country, trying to prove all these...Read More Read Less
141: It's hard to keep my eyes open when I am on this meds but I got used to it with walking in the sidewalks with cars can be dangerous with closed eyes for few seconds and then open... Other than that, this medication works really well with my schizophrenia...
142: The use of this drug has made it possible for me to lead a semi-normal life with my wife and kids.
143: It has made me be myself again. And it has been over a year since I have had any energy now I feel like a new person
144: I have been on seraquil and Prozac and many others you have listed on this page.  not only is this drug simple to take, you feel no  affects except for a steady calm feeling.  a feeling of being in real control thru out  your day.
145: My son started taking this med for his bipolar/schzophrenia. His liver functions became very high and his md reduced and took him off of this me to see if it, and not the other antipshycotic, was causing the problem.  It definatly wasnt this med.  after a month off, his liver functions were still high, and he started hearing voices again.  We have put him back on the med, and are slowly taking him of the Triletal.  This med has been a godsend for him
146: new prescription dont no yet just have concerns
147: My 17 year old son has been on it for 7 1/2 months and has gained about 30 pounds which has caused other detrimental issues with self esteem, etc.  His mood is much better and he has better control of his temper.  He was out of control before.
148: Off this med, my moods are unstable and to the EXTREME. on the Meds, in situations where I'd usually react, I feel nothing. So they definitely help. I can't really feel those extremes.
149: My loved one has been taking this for about three months and it made him gain a bit of weight and it made him feel like he wants to be the opposite gender now. This helped with his psychosis but this has damaged him more than did him any good. He stopped taking it but the after effects break my heart.
150: I have been takig this drug for about 2 weeks, and notice that I am brusing an awful lot. This morning I noticed a small rash on my hands.
151: This medication has caused me to feel light headed, unable to concentrate, and like an aura was around me. Did not help in the depression/anxiety problem I was having.
152: My DD started this after trying a variety of other meds (tenex, zoloft, ritalin, ect) and getting no where in her anger, agression and violent fits of rage.  She is absolutely 100% back to the happy, go lucky girl we know she can be and she is now letting us hug her, talk to her, look at her, ask her questions without going off into a rage.  She says she feels so much better and can think before she acts.  We feel so thankful that we have finally found the right medication for her.
153: I have been on this for only 5 days and I already see weight gain. Muscle pain and soreness like I ran 5 miles. Stopping this today!
154: I haven't been taking this long to really see if it is working yet but would like to speak again later.
155: i havent really noticed anything when i take it. but i do notice that without it my bipolar becomes unmanagable.
156: I am taking it for anger problems 1mg/ day. i have been on it for almost 1 year but in that time i have gained 30lbs. it makes me more tired. i have lack of emotion, it caused me constipation. and made me lactate during my period.
157: 14 year old male on meds for just over 8 weeks has been on 1 mg initially increased to 3 mg daily.  He was quite thin before taking the meds and has gained over 21 pounds.  We excersise at least 4 times a week 1/2 hour or more he doesn't seem to be gaining any mor but we are tracking calories.  Initially made him extremely drowsy and very depressed is now using depocote with and is not nearly as depressed
158: treatment for bi-polar depression
159: I just started taking this medication and I'm coming off Abilify. I've been taking it for 3 days and so far, I had a very deep sleep last night but the first night I had insomnia. I'm starting to feel a little sedated. Will come back to review it when I've taken it for a longer period of time. I'm so scared I'm going to gain weight on this medicine because that's what I read like everywhere!
160: It has evened out my moods and decreased the voices I hear.  Very pleased with the results.  Have gained some weight but am watching food intake and exercise more and the weight is coming off.  Overall this med has been a Godsend.  Have been on many other meds in the past and this is one that really helps.
161: When I first started taking it, everything was fine. It helped with the anger issues I have been dealing with. I have always had a weight problem and gained about thirty pounds. Since then I have been working out about 10 hours a week and keeping my calories restricted. I can't seem to get this weight off. I started getting very tired but kept on taking it because it was working. It got to the point that all I wanted to do was sleep. Also, it ruined my sex life. I have just cut my dose from 2mg to 1mg but it too soon to tell if this will help.Read More Read Less
162: After failing multiple meds for depression, I was hospitalized for a suicide attempt. Risperidone in combination with Lexapro helped me dramatically and gave me hope. Yes, I've gained weight, but I'm developing a strategy for controlling my appetite.
163: MY DAUGHTER HAS BEEN TAKING 0.5MG DAILY OF RESPERIDONE FOR THE LAST MONTH ITS WORKING GREAT APART FROM IT MAKING HER VERY SLEEPY ALOT OF THE TIME BUT I FEEL WE CAN WORK WITH THE TIREDNESS RATHER THAN WATCHING HER SELF HARM!!!!
164: Very low side effect of drowsiness after first couple days. After treatment the last 14 years with ssri's and benzo's- for generalized anxiety and dysthymia, I was recently switched to ssri's with a side of 0.5 mg twice daily Risperdal. I felt better this past month than since first succombing to mental illness issues (anxiety and depression) at age 22.
165: I've been prescribed 3MG, and I don't sleep well at night. I wake up sluggish and cannot focus or concentrate. This drug makes me eve more moodier, and crankier. I also feel "ZOMBIED OUT"!!!
166: I have psychotic depression and this helps get rid of the voices and visions.  It is a godsend.
167: My 12 yr old son started taking this medication 3 weeks ago. It was having a very positive effect on him (the I've seen in years) until 3 days ago. He became very emotional and sad.  He started crying because he said he was nervous about going to high school (which is not until next year).  He's been crying and unusually sensitive to sad movies and the fear of dear and the uncertainty the future holds.
168: I was given this drug by a doctor, and it was to be .05 mg after the pill id, I have the wrong pill, also I smoke and have drop up standing low blood pressure, why would a doctor give this to me?
169: Gave me suicidal ideation, increased psychosis, increased aggression, lack of empathy, restlessness, 30 lb weight gain, extremely difficult to withdraw from
170: Odd movement of tongue, pacing and rocking,lump under nipple
171: This med made my anxiety and restlessness almost unbearable
172: upon taking this medication, i noticed ( and my family has noticed  ) that i have developed slurred speech.Its Almost as if my tongue is swollen.The weight gain does not help my self esteem issues either. I am also dealing with the issues of being dizzy and nearly falling over and running into things.
173: I started risperidone 2mg at bedtime in April of 2013. Since then I have no more anxiety, not depressed, no longer agitated or nervous I feel much better no more social anxiety disorder and it has helped my spasmodic dysphonia. I can focus much better. Life is good !!!
174: I have been on risperidone (2mg) for several years.  I am also on Paxil, Adderall, Buspar and Depakote.  It seems to work well for me.  When I tried to reduce dosage, symptoms returned.
175: My 20 year old daughter with Autism started risperidone for two weeks now. It is effective in controlling her tantrums.  There seems to be a problem with sleep. She'll sleep after an hour of intake, but wakes up for a couple of hours then sleep again. But she is calm even during this interruption in sleep.  Overall, it works although I didnt give her the full dosage.  I didn't want her too calm!  I still wanted her the way she was -- a bit hyper, but no tantrums.
176: loss of hair, rage, negative attitude
177: New to Risperidone. Just came off Seroquel because of the nasty side effects!!! Then I see all these reviews of 30-150 lbs of weight gain, oh no way! I am so short, and have severe crippling back, I can't support 20 more pounds! I told my doctor that. But I have been on Latuda in the past as well. All three of these are Anti-psychotic drugs, women....you are lactating because the increase in prolactin in the pituitary gland (brain). My ob-gyn had me tested back in 2017. It wasn't the side effect "missed periods" it is more like, if you stay on this medication ladies, it STOPS ovulation. I know, I didn't have a menstrual cycle the entire time I took Latuda, and Risperidone is pretty much the same. I'm going to see how much weight I gain after a week, and I will weigh the pros and cons then.Read More Read Less
178: I have only taken this drug for 2 days. Side effects sleeplessness & a little stimilated. I take it during the day now. But I have noticed a change in my depression. I was just recently diagnosed as bi-polar.  I have struggled for years feeling sad, lonely & worthless. I hope I continue to feel better day by day.
179: grandson was put on this med to help with mood swings and sleeping he has been on several meds none that work so far he doenst sleep much runs around gettin in to things during the nightset his self on fire almost a year ago playin with a lighter in his bedone day on med seeing no change
180: I took this to get me off of vicodin, Xanax, anti-depressants, opoids, adderall
181: My elderly mother 89 was diagnosed with Paranoia. She heard voices telling her terrible things. Once place on this medication she rarely hears voices. She does appear to be medicated. She's slowed down quite a bit but has continued her daily functions. It's a relief to know she doesn't hear the bad voices anymore. Although for myself and family members it was hard to adjust to seeing her in a medicated state. I would recommend this drug highly if one is hearing voices....
182: Ihave been on this Med for three months now. And I have seen it work. I don't have mood swings as often and I haven't wanted to kill my self. But I take risks and I try new things and when the theripst said I might have schizoaffective disorder I desided to take this drug and it has saved my live
183: I don't think I have reviewed this drug.
It's the only drug, after dozens of illicit and legally prescribed drugs. (I took most all of them, before all the crazy stuff, came after 2010) Many of those drugs I have taken/tried over 20 years, have caused problems. But nothing that made me want/attempt suicide. Strong enough to have a failed attempt.
I was given it 0.25-0.5mg... 1mg. On top of Sertraline 100mg after 4 months with no improvement. I was only 16 years old. This drug, not only did not work. It gave me "Akathisia" which is why I attempted suicide. (It also changed my brain obviously) A permanent 5HT-7 receptor antagonist. Glad my brain grows, heals and creates new pathways.
Risperidone along with most "Anti-psychotics" should be SAVED for the dangerous institutionalized. In my opinion. There are many other more, safe, drugs with less side effects, and the same efficacy for most conditions. But hey, I'm not a Dr. !!
(I had a typo about the Serotonin receptor that I fixed. And a completely inaccurate word. This is the post. Sorry, I'm Canadian. Sorry! :)Read More Read Less
184: My 10 year old son who is developmentally delayed has taken this med for aprox 2 months. At first it was great for helping him sleep. The side effects are horrible! He is hearing voices, having nightmares, very sleepy, weight gain, developed breasts and has a heavy gloss in his eyes. Headaches are bad also. Trying to get off of this med but you have to do it slowly. He's having severe withdraws!
185: I took 2mg for 5 years and was so tired I only ate, worked and slept. Went down to 1 mg and things are so much better. The only problem is I'm so frickin hungry all the time. Ive gained 30 lbs and am considering trying Geodon for less weight gain but it's scary to switch when this works.Also at 2mg I had muscle problems- like my legs would just stop working, and now at 1 mg that is gone.Wish I wasn't so scared to switch.
186: crying, confusion and verbally abusive. Can not even sleep. The stress is affecting every one in the family.
187: I have loss of hair,panic attack
