1: I take this medication in combination with baclofen for unspecified tremors and anxiety of my medical condition
2: Have had 10 MI s 7 stents now a stroke effective my right side I take them to relax and calm me now. It works!
3: my leg after trying to walk over 15 min. would not go straight from nerve damage frome auto accident
4: Seems to calm my muscles quickly and allows me to sleep without clenching my jaw- causing my TMJ
5: I was diagnosed with Victim PTSD & GAD after a summer of mild panic attacks and GP Dr trying all the "new" medications that didn't help. I went to a psychiatrist after a very severe attack and, although none of the SSRIs they wanted me on helped (all horrible side effects) this medication has stayed with me for 6+ years. At one point I was able to taper off to a mere 1mg 3xday, but stress related to PTSD caused me to have to return to 15mg a day. My Dr has me on a irregular schedule where I take different amounts throughout the day which really helps me. I take very little in the morning, but the most in the afternoon. Very rarely, like the holidays, I need to take an extra few mgs for a racing heartbeat. Other than short term memory loss I have had no negative sides. I always keep a notepad and pen with me now. Although I'd like to taper off again someday, if the option is any of the other meds or this med and my notepad, I'll take diazepam the rest of my life as it works so well for me.Read More Read Less
6: someone asked what the 10mg diazepam looked like they are smalll round blue pills my doc has me taking one at bedtime to help with sleep i'm still a light sleeper it doesnt help me fall asleep any faster or throughout the night i watch tv then my vision gets blury so i close my eyes and go to bed thats my reaction.
7: I have suffered with anxiety, and feelings of panic for over 20 yrs. This is the best, most effective medicine for me. I can still drive, work, and carry on a normal life. But I will have to remain on it the rest of my life. All pshcho's would tell me is take a deep breath, take a walk, read a book, find your happy place. None of these things worked. Most Dr.s dont want to give out anxiety meds. But believe me, I need them. Just wish I could find a Dr. that talks over me, and just wants to throw me on antidepressants (which I'm not depressed at all) but they tend to think they know my body better than I.Read More Read Less
8: this is a great med for people like me! i no longer spend my nights tossing and turning,i feel much better in the mornings not groggy or grumpy like with other meds in the same family. and no more night terrors or cold sweats! i am a well rested,calmer,happier person for it!
9: i think im ok without it, then i realize too late that i do need it to remain calm. I hate that i need it.
10: Not working due to tolerance
11: I am currently being treated for lymphedema in the lower legs (both). The treatment started causing what felt like every muscle from below the knee down to start cramping. The top of my feet, the calf, the shin all started tightening relentlessly.  It was not like a simple "charley horse."  It was many times more painful and, it would not work itself out by standing or walking. I was nearly brought to tears because both legs were locking up and there was nothing I could do.  I now take one 10mg before bed each night and this seems to keep everything relaxed.  I also recommend drinking lots of water, increasing your potassium intake and doing light stretching. You may even want to look into cutting-down on your dairy because this can cause muscle spasms for some people.  Another "trick" I've tried is drinking pickle juice. I can not say for sure it works in and of itself because I've used it in conjunction with the other tips mentioned here. But on the rare occasion that the cramps feel like they might come back I drink a small glass just to have the added benefit. Even if it's only psychological that's a plus because stress can be a catalyst to some degree.  Good luck to all of you and may God bless.Read More Read Less
12: I have used this medicine successfully for anixiety, panic attacks for the past 11 years.  That said, it has been 11 years...I cannot get OFF it!  I tried to STOP, I wound up in the HOSPITAL! I am back on diazepam!  I would caution anyone to speak with their doc about an exit strategy prior to starting, unless they WANT a life-long committment.  It does not appear to have negative impacts on my day-to-day functioning (I can drive, work, go to school, etc.).  The only other thing is that at times undue stress causes increased dosage requirements (my prescribed dose is 5 mg 3 times/day).Read More Read Less
13: it cures my anxiety and makes me sleep well. it has also given me more paitence and my temper isnt near as bad as before i started this medication.I hardly ever panic like I used to. I am very pleased.
14: seems to be giving me diarria. don't want to stop it as I have sleeping so good
15: i was on klonopin 2mg for 5 years i recently started to take diazepam 5mg three times a day.....and it works GREAT!!!MY ANXIETY WENT FROM 8-10(10 BEING THE WORST)TO 1-2!!!! IF YOU NEED A PILL FOR ANXIETY OR PANIC ATTACKS..WELL I HIGHLY RECOMEND THIS MEDICATION!!GOD BLESS AND GOOD LUCK
16: After a neck fusion, shattered wrist, gallbladder removal and fractured pelvis and sacrum all in a year's period of time I was unable to work, I felt constant pain, anxious, and depression, not contributing to my family of finances. Was on myriads of meds. My family doc insisted I give diazepam  a try. After just 3 day, lessened muscle pain, anxiety and depression, and sleep better than on Lunesta or Ambien. This has been a lifesaver for me! And I don't have to take so many pills. I'm delighted!! God bless this medication and my savvy doctor!Read More Read Less
17: It did not effect me at all, I was on it several times. And the only one that really affected me was, the 10mg none generic Valium. The cut out v's 10mg. Because I think I'm allergick to the generick Diazapam. And the 5mg tablets even if they where the cut out v's wouldnt help, cause the 5mg never helped me. Even it was the cut out v's. But the 10mg cut out v's always work for me. I used to get 50 at a time, takein two of them three times a day.
18: I WAS MORE RELAXED  THAN BEFORE. I LIKE THE RESULTS.......
19: Not recommended for panic disorders, better muscle relaxant than Alprazolam or Clonazepam, although from my experience on and off over the course of two years ineffective for anxiety or neurological distress. Also found to have a big impact on mood, often negative, causing anger and moodiness. Groggy feeling next day.
20: I get kranps on night
21: i get overly stressed out , really easy & this leads to high blood pressure and inability to breath correctly, (panic attack) this medication has helped me understand myself & when I ever stop taking my prescription for a few days I return to the same panic attack feeling . I recommend diazepam to anyone who needs alittle extra help in the way to deal with the stress & side effects it has on your body.
22: Great for anxiety and to calm racing thoughts. What I will say though is that moderation is IMPORTANT. it's so easy to get carried away with this drug. When my dad died, I abused it and I was physically addicted. I had to slowly wean myself off because withdrawals are dangerous and really unpleasant. I'm in a good place now and I only use them if I'm really anxious or if I have bad social anxiety. If you're sensible nd take them properly then they really can be a life saver. Just don't ever drink on themRead More Read Less
23: I was prescribed diazepam for anxiety/panic disorder several months ago. Have had no side effects that I know of- no drowsiness even.  I take 2 mgs in the evening and for awhile I was able to stop taking lorazepam completely during the day.  Now I take .5 mg of lorazepam at night and sometimes during the day, but not often.
24: I like the medicine but be careful I have listed my medication here and found out that the other medicine my doctors have me on could and can cause fatality
25: This works well when taken with other muscle relaxers. But on it's own does not help with spazm's.
26: Panic attacks are finally under control. Easy to take side effect go away after a couple weeks.
27: I take 5 mg three times a day for panic attacks and social anxiety I have been taking it for over 5 years and have no side effects just great results.
28: Without this medication I would be an emotional and physical wreck. I have been on this drug for many years, which is not recommended, but at my age, who cares. It works; I live normally, so I am happy.
29: I just started this and I have real bad nightmares , it doesn't do squat for me , having breathing problems with it , it's not even worth taking in my book
30: ust want to know the effects and the effects with other meds to the body
31: I've recently been having some dizziness and discomfort behind my left eye.  While this is under investigation, I've been extremely anxious.  This is all very new to me, but I have found Diazepam 5mg not only calmed me, but made me feel 'good'.  I've tried Lorazepam.5mg and Clonazepam.  Those calm me, but make me groggy and i've noticed they've caused me to feel a bit sad too.
32: i have had panic attacks for the last 25 yrs,so many dr.s have givin me every kind of depression med known to man. and them meds caused me to want to kill myself,i overdosed 3 times and it was NOT for attention. as ppl will try to tell you it was a reaction to all the meds. i got a new Dr. and he put me on this med and it has saved my life...How amazing i feel and No suicidal thoughts at all,and my new Dr. found i had 2 collapsed valves in my heart, i had aortic valve replacement and i am a new person...I still have a bit of anxiety but with this med i can calm my nerves with just one pill and still be able to do my every day task's with JOY!Read More Read Less
33: this medication was given to me for anxiety and muscle spasms it does reduce the effects and accurances of these thinngs
34: slight improvement with pain in back. bloating and swelling in face, hands and legs.
35: mylan's brand of valium, like many generics, is not even half as effective as the real thing; the product is cheap and quality is crappy.  don't the cheap rip off versions get tested and checked by the FDA?  no matter what doctors and pharmasists say, generic are poor substitues for the real meds they claim to be.  anyone who's had the name brand of valium will no what i'm talking about.  mylan drugs are cheap knock offs.
36: I have taken this for about 30 years now for Menieres Disease. It not only calms my inner ear, it calms me from the panic of an attack. I recommend this medication. It helps me a lot. I take 5 mg daily.
37: i have a weird condision that causes hiccups for several days at a time(8 to 18) it makes me really sick. but in use of the drug it works to cure this condision it that respect i am varry happy with it on the other hand the drug also makes me varry angry (like wanting to smash every thing in sight and psyically injure those arround me). I only have taken this drug for a few days and now that i have through doctor advice (and made friends remove it from my access)stoped taking it because of these mood changes feel that i only want to take it more. it seems to me like an instant addiction because of my desire to take it. dont get me wrong on any aspect it worked great for what i needed it to do i just cannot reconmend it. it makes me act and think too wrong.Read More Read Less
38: could be stronger
39: im not sure i have the right meds i switched pharmacys i use to get green pills now im getting blue ones that dont match up with the ones on webmd webmds have a 10 on one side the other side has a z - 3927 and the ones i have have a 10on one side the other side has dan-5620 do i have the right meds i called pharmacy he said he would call me back
40: This was used for oral sedation and  I was  very pleased with the results.  The calming  effect was excellent and procedure went  amazingly smooth and I was in less pain after my procedure.  The medication was wasy  to take,  no large pills to swallow.  My  experience was satifactory.
41: I take this for my tension headache, but also to counteract the caffeine in my other tension headache medicine, fiorinal, which I also take right before bedtime.  I sleep like a baby.
42: This medication has been great for me. Not had a drink of alcohol,in 28 years.
43: I have severe anxiety associated with metastic cancer and this medicine is a life saver.  Xanax & Ativan made me to sleepy and doped up feeling. This is a rather mild medicine in comparison. It doesn't make me sleepy and it takes away the dread & easys my mind when I needed it.
44: I take for anxiety depression spasm insomnia ptsd mood swings
I find it can be helpful and doesn't really have any  bad side effects ( like disgusting anti depressants that make u worse). I also use to take valerian root when I can afford it which has same affect both for me can be hit & miss if they work. I have a high tolerance to things though. So I ive found on sometimes a certain dose might work for something and other days not at all.. today my anxiety was awful and I felt panicky and it wouldn't go away and I remember having panic attack few weeks ago going to shop trying to walk off. Today I put 5ml under my tongue but didn't expect it to work as its way to low for me (I get a prescription  classed as 5 ml to take a day, but I just take when needed and what I jeed)after20minutes took other 5ml but nothing. So got some food watched film but still hours later was awful ( nearly gave up and got a beer) so took another 10ml and felt my panic anxiety start to ease off only obviously a side effect is it can make you sleepy had nap now and woke with no stress or anxiety. I don't like that there is so much negativity from Dr's to prescribe this. When its a lot safer option than Anti depressants which don't work & I've self harmed on numerous times. Yet Drs will throw those at you like candy . Ridiculous when a person would need to take from 2000mg at once to have overdose. They're not perfect and as I say are hit and miss but when I can push myself to use them and they do work they're Great. Can't believe how much better I feel right now all negativity is gone for today 8/10Read More Read Less
45: I take diazepam to relieve spasms and cramps due to multiple sclerosis.  It has been very helpful.
46: I think this pill hangs on for the next day. It is hard to shake off in the mornings.But it works very well.
47: 10 mg 3x a day does nothing for muscle spasms insomnia or tension headaches but does help somewhat with anxiety for me 20 mg for medium anxiety is better
48: it helps me sleep and it gets rid of withdrawls entirly
49: i have had head aches for a long time and i also have a hard time sleeping because of them.  this medicine has helped alot
50: helps to calm my shaky spells but sometimes i may have to take two for it too work
51: again does absolutely nothing for me for sleeping 10mg 3x a day
52: I started taking this medication for muscle spasms and chest pain that the ER said was in conjunction with a viral infection. So far it has relaxed my muscles effectively enough that my breathing has been able to return close to normal, and relieved my muscle pain about 90% which is enough of an improvement to satisfy me for the time being.
53: The free clinic stopped paying for benzo's, and I cant afford the price of Xanax without it.  Things would be much worse for me if it hadnt been for this Rx written by an M.D. who actually cares.
54: this pill is different then my other medication its orange with mylan 345 on one side and a line straight through on the other side what is it?
55: these things keep me calm all day my problem is when i have none u know like i forget to take it but other wise its great
56: it works don't fix it if it isn't broke ~
57: I was in a car accident and ended up with severe back pain and chest pain from the seatbelt restraints.  This medicine has really worked at keeping me comfortable and able to move around!!
58: I HAVE PANIC/ANXIETY DISORDER. IM 59 AND HAVE HAD IT FOR PROBABLY 50 YRS. THEY JUST PICKED UP ON WHAT IT WAS ABOUT 10 YRS AGO. THEY PUT ME ON EVERYTHING IN THE BOOK, AND THEN ALONG CAME DIAZEPAM. I HATE TAKING PILLS, BUT I TOOK A PART OF ONE HERE AND THERE AND FOUND OUT IT WASNT SO BAD. I HAVE BEEN ON THEM CONSTANT FOR 6 YRS. I DONT CARE IF IT HABIT FORMING. MY PANIC HAS DROPPED BUT STILL NOT ENOUGH AS I STILL HAVE THEM. IF THEY WERE TO TAKE IT AWAY I DONT KNOW WHAT I WOULD DO. I CAN FUNDTION MOST OF THE TIME. I DONT ABUSE IT AND LIKE I SAID, OVER THE YRS THEY HAVE TRIED EVERYTHING TO CALM ME DOWN. I NOW HAVE HIGH BP, CHOLESTEROL, FIBROMYALGIA, 2 BACK SURGERIES BEHIND ME AND STRESS TO MAX. BUT AT LEAST IM NOT RUNNING TO HOSPITAL THINKING IM DYING EVERY MONTH BECAUSE THIS HAS HELPED. THE DOCTORS DO NOT LIKE TO GIVE OUT MEDS. BUT WHEN YOU HAVE SUFFERED FOR 45+ YRS, WHO CARES IF IM ADDICTED. I JUST WANT TO LIVE OUT LIFE IN SOME KIND OF CALMNESS.....Read More Read Less
59: I Take Diazepam 5mg 4 X a day for PTSD, Bipolar, Anxiaty And A Few Other Problems. It Is Definately A Very Helpful Medication. I Can Only Recommend That You Ask Your Doctor About All Of The Risks Of Taking It Before You Jump Into A Med Like This. But It Is A LifeSaver For Me.
60: why is my diazepam???
61: I don't know WHY everyone loves this medication. I have tried the REAL Roche Brand Valium AND the generic and they both suck; either on high or low doses. I have severe anxiety, PTSD and symptoms of DID. My old psych. thought this was med was the messiah of benzos!  The only thing that works for me is lorazepam/Ativan, Klonopin/clonazepam or Xanax/alprazolam - which I do not like taking, but will they will help my panic.  I had a severe panic attack with dissociation and kept taking diazepam and waited and waited for it to work to kill the attack - it took forever.  If I had any other Benzo, like lorazepam or Klonopin it would have killed the panic attack in 20 minutes.  Thumps down for diazepam for me. However, everyone is different.  It's supposed to be a good med to wean off other benzos.Read More Read Less
62: Very good medication.  Better than Xanax.
63: it works for my pain weal good
64: This worked really well for me for several years, then I tried to come off it and I did for a few months. Depression and anxiety came back so I started this again along with Wellbutrin and my anxiety is worse than ever?!
65: have been taking for 7 years for severe neck and shoulder muscle spasms due to fibromyalgia 5mg 3times aday side effects of tiredness are short term when first using after being told for 3 years that antidepressants were the only drug for treatment which made me crazy andout of touch with reality my ob/gyn asked what is the worst part of fibro for you? replied inability to do anything with my arms dishes laundry cooking any routine household chore results in extremely painful muscle spasms his reply sounds like alittle valium is needed bless this M.D for his wisdom and respect for his patients knowledge of their own body and what works for them now after 7 years he has retired new dr. says oh you need to get off this and take one of the newer drugs sevella no no no this works has few side effects why must they push for something new just because it is new?Read More Read Less
66: copared to real valuem they suck
67: I have tried several medications they all have severe side effects. Diazebam has worked the best for me it does not cure me but it reduces my anxiety or panic by atleast 50% I only take 5 miligrams on a need basis..I am in college and making presentations is nerve racking...It does help but it has a little bit of a confusing cloud to it.It is the best panic or anxiety pill I have found...
68: Used to have Xanax, switched to this because my dr. said it worked faster and had less of a "hangover." He was right. Works in about 20 minutes, takes the edge off of my irritation/anxiety (I will break out in hives if I am tense enough. I need to take something, or I'm a wreck) for up to four hours, and when it wears off, I don't have any bad feelings. It also doesn't make me super sleepy, like Xanax did, so I can take it while I'm at work and not be a zombie. LOVE IT.
69: had a severe neck injury, nothing worked but the diazepam
70: I experience PTSD symptoms. (I'm Diagnosed) I was taking Clonazepam T.I.D. for 6 years, but it's effect's dropped-off rapidly. I kept a timer to take a dose every 8 Hours. If I forgot a dose, within hours I went into withdrawal.

I am young 30's, slim/ healthy BMI, not much body fat, But a healthy weight. For my height. 5'11/12". 125-135 Lbs depending on holiday season! Mostly muscle, I'm not weak. Once I was 110Lbs... Yikes! I looked like a ghoul.

I lowered my Clonazepam from 4Mg to 3Mg... That was hellish. Asked my doctor to switch me to Diazepam. Because of the longer half-life/ reduced withdrawals. Now I take 20mg, 10mg and 30mg at night. (60mg Diazepam daily) Starting with 30Mg Diazepam 1.5mg Clonazepam for a month. Then 60mg Diazepam. Easy transition.

Instead of 1.5mg/1mg/1.5mg. (4mg) Self tapered to 3mg...1.25mg, 0.5mg, 1.25mg (Clonazepam)

Diazepam's major effects are shorter acting than Clonazepam. 5-7 Hours V.S. 6-9 Hours for me.
But Diazepam wavers down over 12+ hours. More like 3 days. Clonazepam, for me... felt like it was "gone" in 24 hours. Though it was in my system. I didn't feel it after a day.

Diazepam, doesn't drop like a rock after 10 hours, and hit me with crippling withdrawals.
I CAN forget a dose, or take one if I remember. Without waiting over an hour for withdrawal relief.

Not for the elderly or those who metabolize differently. It seems my metabolism is fast. Diazepam is a life saver, compared to Clonazepam. Faster acting, longer acting, NO DEPRESSION.
It does make you drowsier. I can see why 60Mg is the max dose for anxiety. I should not drive any heavy equipment!

Diazepam, the 2nd medically approved Benzo. Best for tapering. Not too potent. Comes in small doses, 2mg. (Split that into 1/4rs for reduction.) A wide range of effects/receptor action, to help transfer's from other Benzo's.

I don't think I could function without it. I am still terrorized by nightmares and hyper-vigilance. 10+ years after the major traumatic event.

Diazepam > Clonazepam and other Benzo's I've tried. (Lorazepam, Alprazolam, Oxaxepam Clonazepam and Diazepam)

Grey-market Benzos. False presses. Grey market Alprazolam/lorazepam/Benzo analogues. Thienotriazolodiazepine's [Etizolam]...(possible opiates) STAY AWAY!!! I had I had a friend O.D/./die from "Percocet" filled with fentanyl.

Long term, for sleep/anxiety/Hyper-vigilance/insomnia/flashbacks/night terrors. Diazepam is my drug of choice. It's not perfect. But it's better than over 6 other medication's/combinations I've tried.

Please, don't start taking Benzodiazepine's until you have exhausted all options. I'm physically/mentally addicted. It's just as bad as heroin. Except you can die from Benzo W/D... It's worse than Alcohol and Delirium Tremens. Opiate W/D death's are rare/ Except for synthetic opiates like Methadone. The only positive is routine dosing. Making it seem less "addictive."

I've been an alcoholic. Dying in bed for 3 days, sweating and twitching. (I had to show my doctor, I quit booze, before he would prescribe benzos) I've only taken Tylenol 3's... After the dentist.
But I know GABA W/D can kill. Where as Opiate's are much less likely to cause fatal effects, during W/D.

I wish "Valium" wasn't so taboo. I would have been taking it sooner. In a lower dose.
But my Dr. prescribes Clonazepam as the major benzo. We started @ 2Mg then after a month to 3mg. Then 4mg. He even considered 5Mg, I said: no way.

I've tried, SSRI's/SNRI's, TCA's like Amitriptyline. Anti-psychotics like Risperidone. (Risperidone made me want to commit suicide.) Offered Trazodone repeatedly. I won't take any anti-psychotics after Risperidone... But I am already hooked on GABA (Positive allosteric modulators.)... I'm not messing with my brain, anymore than possible.

Diazepam is the best for me... If you are elderly or have a slower metabolism/Higher BMI. Maybe ask about Oxazepam/Shorter acting Benzo's.

Consult your Doctor. !!!

Low body fat affects Benzodiazepine action. (ProteiRead More Read Less
71: Since being on diazepam and being in therapy I can honestly say I'm a recovering agoraphobic. I have been able to go into public by myself and the diazepam helps alot when some situations get a bit to much.
72: I am diagnosed with ADHD, PTSD, and social anxiety. I take diazepam for anxiety and muscle tension. I love it because how long the effects last, and the physical effects are great. I get severe headaches 15+ days a month, nausea from anxiety, trouble falling asleep, and muscle tension. I have tried various muscle relaxers which don't work. I also take Fioricet for my headaches but can't take that everyday. I cannot take ibuprofen anymore due to getting two ulcers. So diazepam 5mg does the trick for many of my issues. I think that it's best if you have physical issues alongside your anxiety. Because frankly it's not the best at killing anxiety. It can take a bit to kick in. I think clonazepam is better for pure mental anxiety. But for me personally, my anxiety/stress manifests itself physically in so many ways. And then I become more anxious and upset because I'm feeling physically uncomfortable. I sometimes only have to take half or even a quarter of a 5mg tablet, and I'll feel better while still being able to work. And it lasts for a very long time which is probably my favorite part. But as I said it's not the best benzo for anxiety in my opinion, I think clonazepam is better for anxiety but it doesn't help all these physical issues the same way and doesn't last anywhere near as long
73: This is the only medication for anxiety that makes me feel calm in a non-drowsy manner.  I experience no side effects, it just makes me feel normal.
74: I went to the ER with severe pain in my left side under my rib cage. I also had atrial fibrillation with RVR at a rate of 170 with hypotension. I still had muscle spasms after two days in the hospital. Upon going home and trying tens, biofreeze, rest etc., I took a diazepam and the pain lessened from a 10 to a 4.
75: I had a horrible Romboid/Lat pull that hurt even when I did something as simple as breath. This med combined with Vicodan and lortab allowed me to relax, breath freely and rest comfortably so I could eventually heal the pulled muscle. It took nearly a week to get some normal range of motion back so I started cutting dosages by half and then was off it altogether.
76: I SUFFER FROM PTSD WITH NIGHT TERRORS AND HAVE TRIED JUST ABOUT EVERY OTHER MEDICATION OUT THERE.THEN MY PRIMARY DOCTOR SUGGESTED VALIUM AND I ACTUALLY SLEEP AT NIGHT NOW AND DON'T WAKE UP IN A COLD SWEAT 3 OR 4 TIMES A NIGHT.I AM JUST GLAD THAT MY DOCTOR FINALLY FOUND SOMETHING FOR ME.I HAVE BEEN SUFFERING WITH NIGHT TERRORS SINCE I WAS 6 YEARS OLD.
77: These work well for ptsd & pmdd. If you can get past difficult drs. Who just try putting you on harmful Anti depressants and dont care the bad effects they have even killing yourself.  Valium is a life saver with way less side effects. Though weight gain has been a side effect. But they stoo my traumat8c nightmares. Psychotic episodes no more self harm and even help with PMDD which nothing in 30 years has before
78: HELPED MY PAIN RIGHT AWAY
79: Muscle spasms
80: I was given this at the ER and prescribed it for Torticollis in combination with other medications.  I had a severe allergic reaction to it.  The itching was so bad I couldn't sleep at night which made my spasms worse.  After stopping the medication the itching continued for almost a week.
81: works in combo with oter meds pretty good
82: Reduces muscle spas,s related to scoliosis.
83: Valium has been my drug of choice for 40years,I no complaints. Smitty714
84: I take this rather than snorting meth so Id say that's a improvement.
85: Great! I prefer Ativan, but I believe that Ativan is more addictive, so diazepam is a great compromise. I'm also on DEXEDRINE (dextro-amphetamine), Cialis (tadalafil), Lexapro (for depression), and Abilify (which supplements the Lexapro wonderfully for my depression. Yea I'm 26 but I take more meds than my grandparents combined lol.
86: once again i am on a low dose 2 back surgeries an i can't really tell that it helps
87: I've used this medication for years for my motion sickness when traveling. It works so well and I'm grateful!!
88: I have taken diazapam (valium) for over 25 years for muscle spasticity due to MS.  I take 5-10mg 4 times a day depending on the severity of the spasticity.  Without this drug, I would not be able to walk or have any fine-motor skills at all.  This drug has been a huge help!
89: This medication has saved my life.  I suffer from chronic anxiety and no other medications have helped.  I have tried so many.  I started taking it 30 years ago and many Dr's have advised that I stop.  I did stop for 1 year about 8 years ago and it was the worst year that I can remember.   I hate that it is habit forming but it is the only thing I have found that helps me get through the day.  I will probably have to take if for the rest of my life and I am fine with that, if only every new doctor I saw would not try to be the one who can get me off of it!!  They make it for a reason.  I keep my dosage between 10 and 20 mg per day.Read More Read Less
90: i need some else
91: I have found that if you take this med with a mixture of a pain med it helps you sleep and calm you down from anxiety attacks
92: I can not sleep. I went to the er and told them nervous breakdown they gave me a shot first of it then gave me a prescription.i've been awake for about 36 hours. please help it's (Diazepam 5MG)
93: I have muscle spasms, compress disc in lower back and problems with sleep.  I also have adult ADD.  This medicaion helps along with other medications to control painful spasms, sleep walking and ADD.  I appreciate this medicine and hope it continues working as it has for the past several years.
94: Took this for very high heart rate related to blood clots in lungs and surgery - did not work to calm me at all and caused some depression.
95: It was given to me for a dental procedure and the pill I took the night before put me into the worst panic attack I've had. I will never take this drug again, I will stick with my normal klonopin that doesn't cause these issues.
96: Best Anti Anxiety medication that I have tried. I recommend it to people who suffer from Anxiety.
97: I was prescribed 10mg Valium for insomnia. Initially it seemed to work however after about a week I seemed to either develope a tolerance to he med or for some reason it seemed to lose its effectiveness.
98: 2 years of use for muscle spasms. No improvement. Off medication 3 months. Developing more spasms. Very hard to sleep after stopping. Very irritable after stopping. Wish I never started on them!
99: Suffered a back spasm that also grabbed my sciatic nerve and put it in a 'death grip.'  Intense pain along entire right leg - totally relieved by taking 10mg dose of Diazepam, as prescribed.  Also relieved the back spasm as well.  Worked great.
100: I have been taking this medication after a rather bad auto accident. I've been on it for just under 10 yrs. 10mgx4 daily. It's been used mostly to help with sleep and muscle spasms along with other musclerelaxors. I've also needed it for anxiety once in awhile. For the most part I would say it's by far the best of the benzodiazepines. I'm lucky in a way that if I decide to take a holiday away from my prescriptions, I don't have any withdrawal symptoms. I have a strange tolerance to most pills, I feel that also has to do with my ADHD. It's longer acting than most benzos, but you need to be aware that it has a pretty long half life which if you're not familiar with the term, it stays in your system for about2-3 days, which is why it can be addicting cause the longer you take it, the longer it's half life is, which just stays in your system and builds a tolerance. That's the downside of the med, but it's been around for years, and I've been on many different types of benzos, and I always go back to the diazepam. I hope this may educate some a bit more than they were.Read More Read Less
101: it made me feel less anxious and less paranoid and also helped with my epilepsy and my aches and pains due to arthritis and nuroleptic pain.
102: I was given this prior to an MRI due to claustrophobia.  I've had many MRI's and can't go through one without the valium. Take one 45 minutes before, then I take 1/2 one 5 minutes before - it works.
103: drug helped me to feel comfortable in an anxious situation,
104: HEAVY FATIGUE,SHORTEN ATTENTION SPAN,LOSS OF AMBITION
105: Diazepam works very well on my anxiety disorder.
106: Methadone withdrawal actually is my diagnosed use.  I am downing my dosage to get off the Methadone.  Valium 10 mg. helps me with the muslce restlessness, the inability to sleep, the anhedonia from lack of dopamine production, the dysphoria, from same lack of natural opiate production, and it generally calms the anxiety that goes with the horrible effects of coming off of precription narcotic analgesic.  I would not advise people to use Valium long term, or the withdrawal is very dangerous.  The only 2 meds that most insurance will pay for inpatient detox from are alcohol and benzodiazepines.  The seizures with both are very serious, potentially fatal with the right circumstances.  Used correctly, however, Valium makes the withdrawal from Morphine/Methadone/Codiene/Oxy or hydrocodone tolerable - but incomplete alone.  They treat the symptoms, but not the condition, so to speak.  Also, Valium is helpful for panic attacks, but not so much after an attack is mid-episode.  Good preventative for panic attacks and generalized anxiety disorder.  If you TRULY are suffering with anxiety, and you REALLY want to get better, you need to mix the Valium with counseling.  Look for a counselor who does (Brief) Cognitive Behavioral Therapy, aka C.B.T.  They use techniques like Systematic Desensitization if you can identify some situations that cause your attacks, but most ppl cannot.  So they teach you Relaxation Techniques, to sort of put yourself into a self-hynotic state of calmness.  It is basically a good diversion while the episode passes on its on.  Well, I hope this helps someone out.  I studied pharmacology as a requirement for my undergrad degree, and I am in grad school now, working on a degree in MPH (Public Health), in an area called Epidemiology, so I am not completely "full of it."  I also have some obvious personal experience with addiction, stemming from military service in the sandbox.  DocXYZM.  Read More Read Less
107: Illregular heart beat,phrenic nerve damage,  upper back loading up from neck fusion,c4,  c5,c6. For the last year the illregular heart beat has gotten worst. The 5mg diazepam 1 every 4 to 6 hours for the most part has stopped this from happening. Since the heart doctor prescribe them for me.  No side effects
108: My son is a 20 year with diagnosis of moderate Autism who's self injurious behavior had advanced to repetitive pounding his own head every couple hours when Ativan wore off.  This diazepam given 8hours round the clock has relaxed him enough to a complete cessation of injurious behavior to himself or us at home and school.
109: it help me to sleep, relax, and took the pain away and it did not make me feel out of sorts.
110: I have been on Diazepam for two years now.  It is great for panic/anxiety attacks.  I take a 5 mg pill when needed.  At first, they made me a little dizzy, but now, they don't.  I can take them when I have to drive or deal with rude people and they do not hinder me at all.
111: it's been wonderful!
112: I take it occasionally for periods of anxiety it really works for me
113: I take 1mg now,however,on my next DR. Appt. i'm going to ask to be put on 2mg. I'm i going in the right way about this?
114: I have problems regulating my moods due to my consistent fluctuation of hormones, which is possibly because I have fibromyalgia, so the doctor prescribed me diazepam 2mg tablets to take when I become very anxious, angry, agitated, restless, paranoid, or have a panic attack. I can take up to 10mg. They work very well for me. At first, my salivation production increased when I took this medicine and I would also have sleepiness, but these no longer bother me when I take this medicine. It works very well for me when I take it and I can always rely on diazepam to help me if I get too anxious and cannot control it.Read More Read Less
115: This medication has been so beneficial in several ways. I suffer from muscular dystrophy, neuropathy, and debilitating anxiety. I have tried many medications, including other benzodiazepines, and diazepam works the best! Very sedating at first but once I got used to that my quality of life has greatly improved. I take 10mgs up to 3-4 times daily as needed. I started on this medicine and dosage a bit less than a decade ago and it still works great and I have no desire to abuse it. I'm grateful I have a great doctor as these meds can be hard to obtain alot of times.Read More Read Less
116: I have been taking this after trying all other meds for severe RLS. I take 15-50mg at  bed time. I have been doing this for over 25  years. I can sleep without the urge to move my legs. I thank GOD for this drug. I have had no side effects or bad reactions,it does not make me tired or sleepy. I have no problem getting up in the morning. I suffered for years before trying this and I am so glad I did. I can dose myself from experience so I don't abuse this wonderful drug.
117: My doctor prescribed 2mg for my panic/anxiety what I found that the 2mg didn't help. so I took one and cut in half. So essentialy I was  taking 3mg little better. Finally I took 5mg this seems to work quite well I was tired but I could still have a conversation with someone. Next time that will be part of our discussion Even though I Still have 20 left. My situation is that I'm taking 6 other scripts. Don't know if my body is somewhat immune and/or tolerates it better
118: take for a sleep due to chronic back pain flare ups.
119: worked great w/ helping me sleep - I was taking the 5mg tab and now I can take a ½ tab when I need it......
120: The Anxiety I experience having Chronic Pain, Fibromyalgia, and Muscle spasms is greatly decreased by taking Diazepam. Imagine a person sitting with their hands and limbs clenched, it is not the situation one would want if in Pain !
121: great
122: works most of the time, but frequetly have night terrors that i do not remember.
123: Diagnosed with clinical depression 20 years ago, I have been prescribed numerous antidepressants.  The therapeutic benefits of these meds have deteriorated over the years and have been overridden by debilitating side-effects.  Diazepam is the only medication that has been consistently efective over the years for allieviating anxiety and panic without the negative aspects.  I take 5mg tabs 3-4 times daily.
124: helps me better than xanax of which xanax made me mean, more sedated and mood swings valuim does not
125: This med is great.during the day when I feel anxiety I take 5mg it works quickly and effectively. Not making me sleepy. At night it works great for sleep I take 10mg. IT helps because being on pain meds that cause sleeplessness this does the trick. I would tell anyone who needs it to try it. It has improved my life greatly!
126: they relax me since i had a back injury in 19;85 very good tablets but dr will not give me anymore why i need them? thankyou
127: Why can't I eat grapefruit or drink grapefruit juice while taking diazpam?
128: Reason for Taking This: Ménière's Disease.    I have been using this for 15 months to treat acute vertigo associated with Ménière's Disease.  It has been very useful in treating symptoms of the strong vertigo attacks that I experience 1 to 5 times per month. When I have a severe case of vertigo I use 10 to 30 mg per day for 1-3 days until the symptoms subside.  Sometimes I use 5 to 10 mg to help with a mild vertigo attack with a short duration (4-6 hours). This drug has helped me manage my symptoms and has 'given me my life back' compared to the time I spent prior to being prescribed diazepam.  It doesn't totally eliminate the veritigo but it does reduce it and helps me to endure the attacks of dizziness.    Side Effects: I sometimes feel drowsy or not as mentally sharp as I'd like to be. My experience with this drug is that it often causes mild constipation. Recommend eating lots of fruits and vegetables when taking.Read More Read Less
129: I took between 15-30 mg's of diazepam for close to 30 years. I have major muscle spasms from a spinal cord injury and the drug of choice back then (lioresal) did not agree with my system. About 9 months ago I was having problems with being tired in the afternoon. As diazepam haas a long half life my doc felt maybe it was bogging me down causing my fatigue symptoms. Switched to baclofen (generic lioresal)and after some initial problems have been taking that drug since. I am going to speak with my doctor about going back to diazepam. Since going off the diazepam I can't sleep, have more pain and far fewer "good days".Read More Read Less
130: It calms my Anxiety and it also helps me sleep at night
131: i finally feel more like myself again!  i've been depressed for at least 10 years, since my mom passed away.  this is the first thing that has helped.
132: I have been taking valium for six years along with an   antidepressant.It has worked really well without having to increase the dose.But it is very difficult to stop taking diazepams.
133: Stay at home dad with 4 children, all under 10. Am disabled and have more on my plate then I can handle. Stress is to much. Was scared I was going to give myself a heart attack I had major panic attacks. I take 10mg in the morning afternoon and night. Much eaiser to deal with life now. Works great. Can handle what I need to do, even if I don't get it all done.
134: Me having IBS and a nervous stomach.The doctor felt it would work as a muscle relaxant. Yes it has helped somewhat but it makes me depressed/crying spells. I only take half of a 5mg 3x,s day because 5mg puts me to sleep.I've taken this for 1 month now and it has helped me somewhat.I sure know when its about time to take another because I get depressed and cry over nothing. I told the doctor and he keeps telling me to take a whole one 3 times aday.I say I sleep too much to do that. I'm hoping soon this goes away or does it? I wonder...Read More Read Less
135: I have C.O.P.D.,but, I want to stay out of the hospital E. R.& intensive care & all the other parts of the hospital either. At 67 Yrs. old, for the 1st. time in my life I've spent most of it in the hospital They even thought my care giver was trying to poison me, no one understood why I was on oxygen at home & my son or neighbor would find me unconscious & I would "wake up" in I.C.U., that is the "scariest" scariest place you ever want to come too at in your life. Especially with a tube down your throat. I can sort of understand why they don't want me to have valium, but besides panic attacks, I start breathing so hard thinking I'm going to die right there & ten, I want to take the valium.  Now if I could only quit smoking for good, maybe I could go off oxygen for good. But when they tell you you're going to die, because you have no lung capacity remaining is it, a pill, or a cigarette that will be it?  Every day I wonder, when I'm sitting here alone in the a.m. what am I supposed to do. If someone's gone through this, or has any idea's let me know please. I am scared.Read More Read Less
136: CALMED MEDOWN
137: I suffer chronic back pain from a work injury that left me in sever pain while trying to sleep. I now sleep without being woken up by pain.
138: My first time having a serious surgical procedure done. I was given only one and instructed to take 1 hour before surgery.  It worked wonders.
139: I take this for E. Tremors, Migraines and GAD.  It works very well.
140: NO LONGER GRINDING TEETH AT NIGHT, TENSION HEADACHES ALMOST NONEXISTANT.  HAS WORKED FOR ME
141: I wish it wasn't habit forming because it does help.
142: I've been taking the 5 MG tabs 4x daily and it has helped me tremendously with my panic attacks. In my case, my panic attacks would last for DAYS. My throat would feel tight and anytime I went to eat anything I would feel as if I was going to choke. Needless to say, I can eat now and the panic attacks are very far and few between.
143: I have been having neck pain for a few months now. It has progressed to the point where I am having severe problems in the right side of my neck my right shoulder and my right scapula. I have tried baclofen a long time ago which helped back then. I tried Flexeril which to the absolutely nothing for me. I then tried Zanaflex 4 mg which worked for me however I must have aggravated the injury I am putting discs and two nights ago I was watching a movie and all the sudden I had wrenching pain and swelling of the right side of my body muscles with a stinging burning sensation almost like if you try to step on a foot that fell sleep all throughout my scalp my entire neck  my right clavicle down the right side into my right shoulder and 1/2 of my right upper arm my right breast was tingling and burning and my right upper back. I went to put clothes in a towel on and my boyfriend saw black and blue mark going from my spine horizontally across to my side  I tried to stretch it out I tried everything I could including Aspercreme lidocaine a tens unit the muscle relaxants Aleve etc. I finally was told to go to the emergency room where I received 5 mg of Valium within 15 minutes I was able to lay flat. When I first walked into the ER I couldn’t even sit down because if I laid on the muscle it hurts 100 times worse  I was prescribed 5 mg every six hours as needed with a two day supply I have found that I only need to take it twice a day it works absolutely wonders. I am trying not to take it unless the pain is so severe that I cannot touch the muscle so that  the eight tablets will last me longer as I do not believe any physician is going to refill this medication. I believe benzodiazepines have gotten a bad reputation however when taken as directed or as needed without substance-abuse history they were extremely helpful. I was told not to take it with my anxiety medicine or with muscle relaxants and I do not need then it clears my anxiety Way much more than At and I’ve also realized that it has stopped my migraine headaches I’m not sure if this is coincidence or not. The first dose I slept like a baby and it knocked me out. Now it does make me sleepy but I cannot fall asleep however it improves my mood and is a godsend. I Read More Read Less
144: 1991 I had a severe attack of VIRTIGO : inner ear disorder}.Went thru numerouse test to discover the culprut, and was finally given diazepam 5mg to treat the onset.YES it worked for me, to enable to stop the full upside down reaction of Virtigo. I was able to controll it and function in my daily routines. Thank you for the discovery.. I am now able to keep it under control by focusing on a specific direction, stay calm and take my meds, count to 20 and move slowly until Im certain its passed. I carry my Diazepam with me where ever I go, just incase because this condition can occur whenever it wants. Scary, but managable. I DO recommend for anyone with this awful condition. JRead More Read Less
145: When a have an episode of throat clenching anxiety, Diazepam helps within 30 minutes to bring me back to clear thoughts
146: C-PTSD: Diazepam Taper: I have taken Benzos for 7+ years. I am Clonaz/Diazepam. (4Mg Clonaze to 60mg Diaze)
I switched to Diazepam because of it's long half-life. I am trying to stop/reduce to at least 40mg. I want to stop completely.
It is more than hard. It takes some serious mental strength. Especially when everyone around does not understand. Thankfully I have a doctor who knows how dangerous Benzo W/D's can be... He's helping me by prescribing five 10mg and five 2mg = 60mg. He's expecting it to take years.
Even 1mg reductions had me craving for more after 5 days at 59Mg.
I had to buy a pill splitter. To split the 2mgs into even 1/4rs.
I previously tried to reduce by having twelve, 5 Mg tablets daily. Reducing by 2.5mg every 2-3 weeks. (That did not work. The combination of 10% variability of potency with generic drugs + 12 tablets made it a roller coaster.) Five, 10 Mg tablets + five, 2 Mg tablets daily is the same dose. It is much smoother because 10% of 10mg is 1mg. X5= A deviation of 5Mg in a 50mg dose. Compared to 10% of twelve 5mg, 0.5Mg X 12= A possible 6mg Dose difference while taking 60mg. Sometimes it was like I was taking eleven 5mg tablets, and having serous W/D's. Taking what should be 60mg. There is a difference in generic doses. I've been on them so long. I asked my Dr. he said, I am one of his patients who has taken Benzo's for the longest time. Probably why reducing my a mere 1mg I find uncomfortable. It's going to be a slow taper. Thank goodness my Dr. is experienced and not rushing me. In fact he's telling me to slow down, and put less pressure on myself.
I take APO-Diazepam. It's the only generic available where I live. I prefer PMS. (brand)Read More Read Less
147: this medication did nothing for me i have been taken this medication and it was not helping i still have muscle spasm in the back of my neck. I still in great deal of pain.
148: I have tried many different sleep aids over the years and this on works great. I would wake up 3-5 times per night and be restless all night long. This is a godsend and more Doctors should perscribe this med for people that have tried other methods. I don't know why they have such a hard time giving it to patients. I have been using it for more than 5 years at only 5mg.
149: I was prescribed diazepam for treatment of chronic dizziness and vertigo.  After over 2 years of searching for an answer, a very low dose (1 mg, 3 times per day) has relieved my dizziness without sedating me. In fact, I actually have MORE energy than less on this drug at this dosage level. This is an "off-label" use of this drug according to the neurologist that prescribed it.  It has allowed me to go back to a normal or near-normal life.  Seems odd that a medication that can make you "dizzy" can, in very low doses, relieve vertigo and unsteadiness.  My non-medical theory is that it calms down what I would describe as an electrical storm in my brain.  Moving scenes on TV or bright lights in a store would trigger my vertigo - no longer.    I previously tried meclizine, but even at low doses it just knocked me out and all I did was sleep the day away.    I cut 2 mg tabs in half to create my 1 mg doses.  The plan is to cut back to 2 mg/day after a couple of months and see how it goes.Read More Read Less
150: This medication is far less addictive/habit-forming than my former benzodiazepine and seems to last longer.  Its more effective as well.    Thank you powers that be for these pills.  Now I am no longer a slave to my whims.
151: I've been diagnosed for depression, panic attacks, agoraphobia,and anxiety for the last 15 yrs ...recently, PTSD.  I've taken Clonopin and Xanax along with an antidepressant (you name it, I've taken it).  Diazepam works much better than Clonopin or Xanax...it doesn't keep me loopy or as sleepy as the other two do for a much longer time.
152: I have Been  takeing diazapam for over 40 years, at first it was perscibed for a subsitute for Ritalin and later for mussle spazams. And now for many different reasons. I have never had a bad reaction, (do not drink on this)  I think that even in non brand form it is bar far the best and least expensive way to get a "great nights sleep" the cost is around 20 cents a pill VS. 6 to 10 dollars for "Lunesta or Ambian.   Yeah Jerry Garcia used to take them as well. SOLD!
153: I was prescribed this in place of meds specifically for sleep because I lost my insurance and had to pay cash. This is less than $10 for 30 days compared to well over $100.  I've found these work just as well if not even a little better in some ways. I do fall asleep quickly enough. I stay asleep all night.  My only complaints are (1) I do not feel as rested as I did when on the meds specifically designed to aid sleep and (2) I can have a little trouble some mornings with a feeling of grogginess. But I've experienced the groggy issue on other meds too.  If you have trouble falling asleep - staying asleep or - like me - are often awakened throughout the night by something out of your control - pain wakes me up - and if you don't have insurance this is a great option. I do suggest trying it on a night when you don't have to drive the next morning so as to see if it causes a problem in the morning.  Good luck and God bless.Read More Read Less
154: That it make the treatment seem to go buy smoothly and painless. It's worth it to me. I would freak out before and after if I din get it.
155: I feel like I have to depend on taking this med. If I miss a dose, I start to shake. Really dont like this med and would like to stop taking it. Need some help on what I can do.
156: just wondering about the weight gain with diazepam? been on for about a week and feeling bloated. may in my head. any thoughts?
157: I've had a severe case of veritgo and this medication has helped me to almost eliminate the vertigo episodes. At times, I'll take 1 tablet (2mg) a day and it helps me to calm down without feeling like going to sleep. Excellent med and would recommend it to anyone who wants to feel relaxed without being groggy.
158: i have agrophobia ,panic attacks ,anxiety and depression.after years of trying many anti depression drugs, [which made me very much worse] this is the only drug that works well for me with no side affects.
159: Years ago I was prescribed 5mg 3 times per day for acute anxiety and depression related to 'adjustment to adult life'.  I took Valium for about 3 months, then weened myself off.  It was as if a switch had been thrown, turning off my panic and turning on simple normalcy.  I credit Valium for saving my life.  In recent years I have used it during episodes of acute lower back spasm, and once again it has come to the rescue.  I use it only for the purpose intended and for the minimum length of time required for resolution of the problem.  Haven't noticed any negative side effects other than a mild sedation which is a good thing during a panic attack.  In my experience, this is one of those rare chemicals I can call a 'wonder drug', but it must be used appropriately, following the recommendations of a doctor or WebMD or the PDR.  Don't take it lightly.Read More Read Less
160: I used to get stressed out easily, get mad and stay in a bad mood sometimes for hours. I have been taking 5 mg as needed under doctor's orders for a couple of months now. When I feel really stressed I will take 1 pill and within 15 to 20 minutes these feelings subside and I can function without dwelling on the irritants. Lately I do not have to take this medication as much, it has truly helped me cope with daily functions. I may only take it a couple times a week now, as opposed to a couple times a day in the beginning. I had been given anti-depressants in the past and they made me not care about anything, and my life went down hill. When I was on and As I was trying to get off the a-d's I became depressed, which I was not depressed to begin with. Everyone is different, but Diazepam has helped me tremendously.Read More Read Less
161: Doctor order 5 mg to be taken 1/2 to 1 at bed time.  Took 1/2 which did nothing so a few hours took the other 1/2.  Did this for a few nights.  Decided to take a whole tablet.  Still couldn't sleep.  Next day I could not function.  Could not breathe.  Ambulance came and EMT got my breathing controlled.  I had trouble answering their questions.  Could not read my signature when I signed their form.  Three days later I am still having problems with dizziness.  Afraid to drive and cannot walk far.  Will see my doctor when she gets back to the office.  Went back to my regular medication for depression.  Was a terrible experience for me, my family and friends.Read More Read Less
162: I have been taking this drug for only about a month, but it has allowed me to finally after about 10 years, get off of my Zoloft. I was tired of taking a medication everyday and with this drug, I can use it only as needed. I take 5mg for anxiety and cramping. Every so often I need 10mg when I'm under a lot of stress or traveling. Great drug. My only concern is becoming addicted to it...
163: this drug has been a blessing for me. I suffer from anxiety disorder as well as not being able to sleep and severe neck and back issues. It helps it all I was taking 4 pills now I take one. I take 10mg every 4-6 hrs. during the day I usually only take 5mg if needed at all. Thank god for a doctor who is not afraid to give meds like out to those who really need them! Its those who don't I have found that makes it tough on a women like me. I now have been on this med for 3 years and it has improved my quality of life.Read More Read Less
164: I am in the UK. I was given Diazepam (generic Valium) for lower back pain. However,while taking this medication, I found it helped my Fibromyalgia. As I was able to relax more my body wasn't responding to the pain in such an intense way anymore. My doctor wouldn't prescribe me this medication for any longer then 3 weeks so I had  find a doctor that would. Not only did his help my back spasms but definately relieved my Fibro. Finally, something simple that works. Finally, I discovered that when taking the Diazepam, I needed to take less pain medication,. Result!Read More Read Less
165: One of the best nedications I have ever taken
166: Helps me keep control of my life.
167: Anxiety
168: The VA diagnosed severe PTSD with gunshot wounds that spasmed. This med helped me with both problems. It calmed me (I developed a startle reflex) and it reduced muscle spasms at wound site. For me best med so far. I need not search further. DON'T mix with alcohol or other depressants/seditives. Believe me, if you do trouble awaits. Otherwise, relaxed, calm disposition has been achieved.
169: falling and staggering
170: I LOVE this drug.  I have been using it sparingly and only "as needed" for almost 20 years.  It is just as effective today as it was back then, and at the same dosage.  If I feel very anxious I take 2.5mg and I am calmer within a very short time.  If I need a good night's sleep and feel anxious, I take 2.5mg to 5mg and sleep happily for a good 6 hours. ( I need 8 hours, but this med lasts for 6 hours ).  I am 5'8 and weigh 128lbs. yet those dosages work great for me.  The greatest benefit I found was that having taken this med off & on and sparingly "as needed", I was able to mimick (without the drug) the CALM feeling that it gave me.  The mind is a powerful thing! It takes years of working on, but I couldn't have done it alone (without this drug).  I am at relative peace now because I am older and wiser AND because I have a great store of this drug incase I need it.  If you suffer severe Panic Attacks or severe Anxiety that you can't calm down by yourself, I highly recommend careful use of this drug. Others sware by Xanax... never tried that one.     Hang in there.Read More Read Less
171: THIS drug makes me very or should I say too relaxed. Talking gets a little slurred and sleep for 6 or 7 hours. Don't reconmmend if you have small children.
172: only been takeing it for a short time and yes I'm more relaxed but still am ready to go off
173: I use Diazepam for anxiety and insomnia a couple of days a week. Overall its a very effective medication but as with all benzodiazepines tolerance builds up over a few weeks and months. I find the anxiolytic effects remain fairly constant but with daily use its loses most of its efficacy at treating insomnia. Physically addictive so only use once or twice weekly now
174: I took a high dosage of Clonazepam daily for 12 years and found it to be extreamly potent and addictive. I tried to come off of Clonazepam three times unsuccessfully. I experienced hallucinations, panic attacks, and I lost total control. My Doctor suggested a low dosage of diazepam. This medication has given me my life back. I no longer suffer from full blown terrifying panic attacks. My Doctor and I agreed to do a very slow and systematic tapper and I want to become benzo free. My Doctor and I feel it is OK to take in acute situations but I do not want to take this every day.Read More Read Less
175: dentist appt
176: I have been on this for 4 year's now for Panic disorder and the best one out there is the real one ROCHE r the Watson brand if u are given the knockoff brand teva is like taking nothing.
177: I've been on 10 mg per day for 40 years. Being on a low dosage for years I thought withdrawal would be relatively easy as I only take one pill a day. Last week I tried going without and I went completely out of my head after 4 days without. I gave in and took one and when I told my Dr about it she was understanding but told me I will probably be better just to continue my once a day pill forever as no one  should go through benzodiazepine withdrawal. I must agree. The point is that if you use this medication for too long you may develope an addiction which may appear to be next to impossible to break. It can be done but must be done painfully slow and tapered off until one takes a very low dose every second day etc. If using this medication be prepared to possibly be on it for  a while. If your using this medication on a short term basis(2 weeks) then you will be fine. It is when using this med for a month or more that the addiction is hard and can be dangerous. All that said if using this mediocation on a longer term then you will be OK as long as you don't overuse or underuse. Also remember that if your Dr puts you on this med that he or she knows the consequences and deems the use more important than the possible side effects including possible true addiction. After my attempt to quit last week I now have accepted the fact I will probably be taking my one pill a day forever. If I do reattempt withdrawal from diazepam I would get to the point where I would cut it down to a mg once evey two days and then maybe I might stand a chance. An addiction specialist explained to me that since I only take one pill a day and have been doing so for almost 40 years that I should just continue to take it as long as I do not increase my dose without approval. On the positive side this benzo may be good because of it's long half life in the body. It's benzos like Xanax one may best be avoiding as they can induce withdrawal much faster having a short half life in the body.GoodluckRead More Read Less
178: it okay is their some thing that works better?
179: This med really calms me down when i get anxious. But I mainly take this for ulcerative colitis. When I can keep my stress down it helps control the flare ups. It slows the intestinal tract which is great for ulcerative colitis patients when we just cant catch a break.
180: take 10mg 3x a day does absolutely nothing for tension headaches for me
181: RXd for PTSD and Panic Disorder. I switched from 400mg Phenobarbital / 6mg Klonopin to 3mg Klonopin at detox as I was abusing barbiturates. I stayed on 3mg Klonopin for a couple years but would run out early frequently so my psychiatrist recomended 40mg Diazepam daily. I had used it successfully in the past so acquiesed. Once I comfotably swtiched I found Valium to be more effective overall for my PTSD and panic attacks. The long half life keeps a steady amount in your system so you don't get inter dose withdrawal like with Xanax or Halcion. It also has pronounced muscle relaxation effects which are a big plus. I would warn anyone that euphoria and addiction can happen with ,Valium, I'd say more so than Klonopin but less than Restoril and long term benzo use should be seriously thought about *carefully*. 
I've been on 40mg Valium a day for about 5 years now and I still find it effective for my Panic disorder and PTSD, it eliminates flashbacks and kills panic. I find Valium to be the best all around benzo for me personally
182: better then xanax
183: i was taking this medication for anxiety and muscle spasms,and it did nothing for me...And that was 10mgs 3x a day!!!!
184: this has worked for me.
185: it helps when my nerves start realy bad
186: I've used this for minor anxiety off and on for about a decade. It keeps me from slipping into full-blown panic attacks and allows a general feeling of control back to my life.  I hate to say it like this, but after taking this it feels - to me - like I felt back in the days when I drank like I'd had one or two beers. I am calm but not loopy. I feel good but not in an artificial way. I'm still alert enough to function - on one 5mg.  I've used Xanax before and either one works fine. If you start to feel one is not working as well as before you may want to discuss alternating between the two with your doctor to keep your body from becoming too used to either one.  I only gave 4 stars for satisfaction because my only issue with the medication is that it can make me sleepy if I'm already predisposed to feeling tired, e.g. late at night, hard day at work, etc..Read More Read Less
187: I have depression, anxiety and PSTD. I have some bad days and Diazepam is my drug of choice as it seems to level me out and even 5mg puts me in a much better mood.     My other half tells me to take them some days. I am glad when someone else knows I am in trouble as I may not know it as I am sure others may not know either. But what a relief to me and anyone around me Diazpam is.     I wish I had taken this and never tried any antidepressants, which I no longer take. This little pills just lightens up those bad days.     Best drug I have tried to help me. I pray no side effects and I DO NOT use it daily because I do not want an addiction and I want that 5mg pill to work when I need it to.  It only stays in the liver 2 days so that helps as the liver has been effected by other pills in the past. Happy this one has not turned me yellow! I am hoping to no longer need them some day. But for now, I am happy they help.    Highly suggested for anyone like be who has been thru a lifetime of hurt and surgeries and needs a little help.     I do not drive under any medication, even diazapam. You never know what a drug will do to your mind and if I hurt anyone with my car, I would never forgive myself if I were taking any drug that alters moods or mind or not for that matter.   You can always take your pill when you get to work and it has its 8 or so hours to work. No sense taking it before work, not when you are driving.    It is a drug, but a good one as far as I am concerned.   May God Bless...Read More Read Less
188: i was taking clonipin, but my shrink and I talked about the added muscle relaxing prop. I feel more confident with this drug.
189: once in system for about a week or 2-sleepiness subsides
190: VERY SATISFIED, like a miracle pill for me during an anxiety attack or if I feel one coming on. It does not make me drowsy if I take the correct dosage and I actually feel more productive as I can focus better on it than when feeling anxious.
191: This medication did make me a bit uncoordinated and drowsy the first time I took it, but afterwards it made me feel so much better. I was also taking this for muscle pain and now it's like it was never there!
192: i been on it for 5 years 3 10 mg pills a day works well with my panic attacks other then that i would think you should be on this too :)
193: I have found that diazepam has worked not only for my extreme anxiety, but it has also done wonders with horrible repetitive dreams I have had over and over again. I was also a addict addicted to opiates and have been in recovery for the last two years successfully with the help of just my little wonder drug (diazepam) has helped in so many different ways. I was only originaly perscribed (diazepam) for my anxiety, but it has helped me with many other concerns in my life and if anyone has these symptoms, I would highly recommend you to talk to your doctor, about getting on a (diazepam) regiment.    Thank you.Read More Read Less
194: I'm taking it illegally for my panic attacks... mainly so i can figure out what is causing these attacks and figure out a non-pharmaceutical way to help myself so i can become a Naval-Corpsman in the near future. Wish me luck...
195: I love this drug-i take it on an as needed basis for anxiety and panic attacks because my Dr doesnt want me hooked on it but if it is helping me out this much why not let me stay on it-is there something out there close to diazepam that isnt addicting and works just as well? please let me know because i really need something for my anxiety-and it wouldnt be for everyday just when i feel i need it-I hear about Xanax-any readers with luck with this drug for anxiety?
196: For years, Ive been addicted to opiates.  Starting with heroin,  and years of pill popping, and I finally ended up in a methadone clinic. After a year in the clinic, my detox was complete. The withdrawl I experienced from methadone was like no other. I missed work for almost a month, and didnt sleep for 7-10 days. Not a wink. By the time I saw a doctor, I was a nervous wreck, losing my mind. He prescribed Valium for sleep, the trembling, and the anxiety. Having a history of panic attacks and anxiety, I never had taken anything that actually relieved me of those symptoms. I have been off opiates and so called "treatment" opiates like methadone for a month and a half now, and I couldnt have done it without the medicine, and the help of family and friends
197: First of all, I'd like to address this other readers review, which posted in 2009 as follows:    WHAT COLOR IS THE DIAEZPAM ITS THE 10 MGS I TAKE 2 IN MORING 2 IN AFTERNOON AND 2 BEFORE BED FOR MUSCLE RELAXTION SPASMS. WHAT DO YOU THINK I SHOULD DO, SPOKE WITH medical clinic they said they will check on this i get my meds from IVAX IN MIAMI,TELL ME WHAT TO DO    Sir or madam, I think you're taking too much Valium as your comment makes absolutely no sense at all.    Now, as for my own personal experience with Valium.  I was on 5mg 2X daily and then 10mg 2X daily.  Valium is a godsend.  Even better than Xanax.Read More Read Less
198: I feel better than usual. I have not had any side effects fm this drug. It's helped me to get a good's night's sleep, and I don't abuse it! I take it when I go to bed only! It's just 10 mg.
199: I've had to use this medicine post - op for a few days now, and while it does ease the muscular tension and help to fall asleep, I will say, I feel locked out of my intelligence at moments I need access.  I'm pretty sure there is a direct correlation here, even though over 12 hours have passed.  I wouldn't recommend making any important personal or business decisions within twenty-four hours of ingesting this medication.
200: Was usde to treat the withdrawl of Alchol which became a problem for me.
201: for my nerves
202: I've had a severe back spasm for 5 days. Doc gave me 5mg 3x a day as needed. It must be a placebo. I think a shot of tequila would work better - without this useless pill of course.
203: Decrease in sexual desire or orgasim.Yet I do have a relaxed state and helps with the pain relievers prescribe after back operation.
204: I'm taking this as part of a taper program to get off of temazepam, which I took for insomnia. Because I took it for a couple of years I need to taper off slowly..and diazepam is preferred for that. I'm slowly tapering down and it will take another 6 months until I'm done. CAution to all who take benzoid drugs. They are extremely habit forming and affect the nervous system. If you've taken them for an extended time do not abruptly quit them as it could lead to seziures.
205: This medication was given to my 18 year old daughter in prep for oral surgery. 1-10mg at night, 2-10mg an hour before surgery.  This worked the opposite on her!  It created a disconnect feeling and anxiousness that cause her to cry and feel panic.  Gave her the look of "no body is home" in her eyes.  I feel her recovery from surgery was delayed a few days because of her taking this medication.
206: Helps calm me down when it feels like my heart is going to come out of my chest. works great. also for sleep it works great.
207: I recently dislocated my jaw at work. The Dr. Gave me Vicodin and Diazepam(Valium) for pain and discomfort. Of course I started with the Vicodin, but it made me sick to my stomach,did little for the pain and wired me so I could not sleep. So I started taking the Diazepam with a half of Vicodin. After about 30min. the pain was almost gone and I could sleep comfortably. Very good drug. 10mg 3 times a day, but I was usually ok with just taking one in the morning on an empty stomach and then one before bed
208: works for me !!! can take only when needed.
209: I have found that it is very relaxing and as a recovering alchoholic it subsides the cravings for alchohol , in my experience it (i.e.)puts the body in a lower gear.
210: I use it for Vertigo. But I am slower than snails, and have no energy. Hoping to find an alternative med to use and get off this one.
211: seems like the anxiety is better somewhat.  but it seems too take away the seizure's and helps with the pain . I do not now if this pill has valium in it or not ? BUT MY BACK PAIN , AND OTHER PAIN SEEMS TO BE ALOT LESS...
212: Guys, when your body goes into fight or flight mechanism. When it is scared it produces certain stress chemicals like adrenaline and cortisone. These chemicals help prime us for action but when this mechanism is over functionenong then side effects will be muscular tension. This is a side effect of anxiety. Please listen to me, and I know many of you are not going to want to hear this, bit the best remedy for all of these conditions including depression and anxiety is a good diet and regular exercise. When I mean good diet I mean, avoid processed and refined foods and cut down on stimulants. Exercise creates endorphins and dopamine which are great for anxiety. I know everyone wants a quick fix but diazepam are not good because the effectiveness of the treatment wears off after 4-8 weeks. They then become pretty much obsolete and actually do more harm to your anxiety and muscle problems than good. If you feel you really need treatment then Clonazepam is best for muscle seizures, Lorazepam for panic attacks and aprazolam for chronic anxiety. if you struggle my email is bendonagasaki8 at gmail dot com Read More Read Less
213: I took this drug for 25 years,it got where I need more and more,iam 60 years old, now I went to rehab, 4years ago, to get off this dam. drugs,to habit forming, you cant take them forever, I say don't start taking these, your be sorry,it took me 7 months to even withdraw,then still wasnot right I went throught hell I have been clean for 4 years now and learned to handle things different,please don't take any drugs,amen
214: I have severe anxiety attacks.  This medication relaxes me and makes me deal with the difficult issues going on in my life.  Question is, has anyone else had a loss in appetite?
215: helps avoid nightmares
216: used this drug with tegratol for my tri-geminal neuraglia and it helped a great deal --it's been a year and so far it works most of the time --
217: I needed something for pain management and was told I was given Valium :( this is not valium
218: because of chronic lower back pain for many years, this med. has been very effective for me. I take as needed and NOT every night. My physician approves of this protocol/
219: Taking this medication for muscle pain after a car accident. 1 x 3 daily no help at all.
220: I tried muscle relaxants like Flexeril before but they had no effect on my muscle spasms. Oddly enough this helps with the knots and the pain associated with them to varying degrees. I take it as needed and sometimes it completely stops the muscle spasms and sometimes it barely does a thing, regardless of the spasm intensity. I wish there was more consistency but this is the only medication that seems to help so I'll take what I can get. Also makes me a bit loopy to varying degrees. Feels good but not exactly useful for trying to get things done plus I sometimes get depressed coming off it.Read More Read Less
221: Once I feel an attack coming on I take half a 5mg tablet.  The relief effects are very fast and help very well.  I actually like the effects of the generic diazepam better than the name brand Valium.
222: just becareful!!
223: I had memory problems, but did work relieving anxiety.
