1: I’ve been taking this medication for three months and it makes me extremely aroused and wanting sex at all times and anywhere with anyone willing I don’t know if I should keep taking this medication or not.
2: I've been taking this for well over a year with good effects. As stated it takes 2-4 weeks for full effect.  I noticed a mood difference in about a week with full effect at just over 2.  As a 49yr male I do struggle with the ED side effect which does suck indeed but it's a much better quality of life than without it.  My moods swings range from depression to paranoia to anger and frustration to the point I need to be very careful not to get overly angry.  Those feelings are regulated to a positive even level 90% of the time and in stressful times I use xanax to control further.  I have forgotten to take this with negative effects consistently on the 3rd day. This has worked better than 3 other similar meds including Wellbutrin and Zoloft that left me unable to have much of any emotions which was unacceptable.  This gives me a good balance
3: When I first started taking Cipralex it worked great! My mood was back to normal and I could do things without being anxious. After approximately 8 months of taking Cipralex I started extremely sweating.
4: It took me a good two months to feel full effects! You can't just give it a couple of weeks you have to get through all nasty side effects to start feeling better. It's worked for me feel more like my old self ??
5: I started at 10mg's and didn't really notice much after the first 2 months but sexual side effects. Those Kinda passed,  it has got better. My doctor upped me to 20mg 3weeks ago and I'm starting to notice a little difference, just not as good as I was expecting to. I still have off/bad days regularly just not as often. I've heard this is a great med but really haven't noticed any major changes in aditude or motivation. Id like to be happy and normal (like all of us) if it doesn't make some major progress soon I think I'll try something else. Kinda like a hot dog that only has ketup and mustard on half. I think it works good for some but probably isn't for everyone
6: I’m new to the meds and I was put on it for anxiety and depression it made my depression worse and I pretty much have every side effect possible and blurred vision and all I want to do is sleep. I hate it
7: I'm in my third week on this medication and so far have experienced no improvement whatsoever.  Light-headed, jittery, shortness of breath.  Maybe it's too soon.  We'll see....
8: Has definitely got me close to being back to my old self.  Very happy to be taking it.   if I hadnt taken it, i'd probably have gone crazy by now.
9: I'm a student , this medicine helped me to cope up with uncontrollable stress and anxiety ,... well sometimes overdosing has helped me a lot .... I'm very  thankful to this
Drug ..
10: I am 25 years old. I start taking this medication due to drug abuse and depression. I´ve been on it for 2 weeks now, and the side effects have been awful. I sweat a lot, I have terrible migraines, I feel drowsy and it´s very hard to concentrate. I´m hoping the side effects will diminish over time. The good news, I have not been smoking weed since I started the medication, so yay me. If you´re about to take this medication, please review the side effects and precautions. Hopefully, this will work for me Read More Read Less
11: I have been taking the brand name (Lexapro) for over 8 years with excellent results for my depression, and no real side affect except some loss of sex drive.  Without it , I have trouble thinking, get very depressed and suicidal.  However, recently the pharmacist switched the prescription to the generic, and the sex drive has gone down to none existent. It costs me $30 less to have the generic, but I am going back to the brand name because of the affect on the sex.
12: made me lazy and stupid. gained 120lbs will on this horrible drug.couldnt slep. was up for nearly a month. ban this drug for further usage. sytoms creep up slowly so user is unaware of it full life changing effects. very bad drug. should never be allow to be given to anyone.
13: this medicine is "ok" but i dont believe its helping me as much as it should be and im at 20ml a day. been taking this drug for about 5 months now. I sometimes get a twitching in my eye.. i sometimes dont sleep at all and about a month ago i had a really bad panic attack and afterward i broke down and cryed.. i never cryed like that in my life.. thinking of switching to something different.
14: I have one thing to say to you: there is hope. If you’re like I was, you are sitting there wondering what happened to you, why you can’t get your old self back, and if you will ever feel better again. Maybe you dread the thought of medication...your anxiety cruelly makes you feel anxious about all the anxiety medication horror stories out there. The stigma around medication holds you back. No one will talk about it in real life...Maybe you worry it will make you a zombie ... or even worse, it won’t work at all.     I can tell you that this was me a little over a year ago...and there IS hope. I’m a mid-30's male. Lexapro (Escitalopram) saved my job, my marriage, my family......my life. Anxiety and panic attacks had completely overtaken me. I was under a constant cloud of intense dread, overwhelming anxiety, and frequent panic attacks. I couldn’t sleep or eat...I lost more than 30 pounds (and wasn’t overweight to begin with). The decision to start on Lexapro (Escitalopram) was very difficult. In a cruel twist of irony, everything about the idea intensified my anxiety. I worried about everything you’re probably worrying about ... horrible side effects, how long it would take to work, not working at all, becoming addicted...all that stuff. Finally, I couldn’t take anymore. My job was suffering, my family was suffering, and everything I used to love brought me no joy.  Basically, I dreaded every moment of every day and night.     I finally started on Lexapro (actually, the generic Escitalopram). To be honest, it took at least 2 full months for it to completely work. Maybe even 3. There was definitely some improvement before that, but finally one day, life felt back to normal.     I can tell you now that I have my life back. Lexapro is absolutely, completely, unequivocally incredible. I feel like my “old self” again. The overwhelming anxious thoughts have disappeared, and I haven’t had a single panic attack. When I do begin to get anxious thoughts, I find I can control them andRead More Read Less
15: Started taking Ecitalex (escitalopram) two weeks ago for post part depression, ocd and generalized anxiety. I already see the difference, the first days I began with 5 mg and felt a little jumpy, when that subsied increased to 10 mg and felt less anxious and with more energy. Stuff that would trigger my anxiety and ocd didn't bother me so much anymore. Anyway I have a long way to go with therapy and probably I still need a higher dose of escitalopram, but overall I feel great.
16: I've been on Lexapro (Excitalopram) for little over a year now. My MD started me on 5mg, then to 10mg but recently I started taking 20mg because I had a panic attack earlier this week...I've noticed that some of the side effects have come back, restlessness, insomnia, bad/crazy dreams, heart fluttering, etc...Is that normal for the 20mg to do that? I know that 10mg is the base dose, I just wanted to make sure.     Thanks,   A little over the edge.
17: I've used both citalopram and escitalopram on and off over the years. I was on a very high dose of citalopram (north of 40mg) and used that drug for two years.  Anyone considering using any SSRI needs to assess the clinical need of their use and weigh this against the potential side effects because there are many. These drugs take forever to start working. Don't under any circumstances exceed the dose you're prescribed without your MD's guidance...You will go to a very dark place. These drugs need to build up in your system.   Once the citalopram took effect I felt the greatest I ever had in life...this in spite of the yawning and slight lethargy I experienced. Both drugs improved my concentration and I wake up feeling very alert. One other issue I had was that I relapsed when I tried to get off the citalopram and had to go back on it like less than a month after I discontinued.   With the citalopram I had a reduced sex drive - not so much with the escitalopram. One other thing I noticed was that the escitalopram reduces my desire to drink alcohol...It may be useful for people with addiction.  My only complaint is that I wish this stuff would just work faster...if you're really suffering those initial three weeks before the drug starts to work can be rough. Furthermore I need higher doses of this stuff and regular MDs (not psychiatrists) can only prescribe this medication up to 40mg. Basically it's a commitment if you want to use these things and they're bit of a hassle to get on and off.Read More Read Less
18: it worked great for a few months there seems to be a change going on now? its not working as well as  before
19: relieves indications of anxiety / GAD.  feel more assertive / self confident.
20: I was on lexapro prior to this and had horrible side effects with insomnia, constant nausea that got increasingly worse till I was sick multiple times a day and it made my anxiety so much worse just not a good experience at all personally. Since swapping to this medication I found the first two weeks a lot easier with much less suicidal ideation than when starting other SSRI’s and whilst I still get some side effects they are pretty minor with some mild nausea, loss of appetite and dizziness. It isn’t perfect but it has definitely helped me be able to engage with my life again so the mild side effects are with it to me at the moment.  Read More Read Less
21: My OBGYN perscribed me Lexapro for being hysterical, moody, and weepy, (never told me the exact diagnosis) and my insurance changed it to this. It made me REALLY sick in the beginning; stabbing headaches, nausea, lack of appetite. It felt like I had a bad flu. After about a week I was finally functional again. It acts like a tranquilizer, I just kind of stopped caring about things. When I took it right before bed it knocked me out immediately into deep, dreamless sleeps which was nice after being so stressed. Side effect wise it killed my appetite in the beginning so I lost a few pounds and got thinner. It also made me more lethargic and killed what little sex drive I had to begin with. After several months it stopped being as effective at regulating my mood. I finally realized when I switched birth controls that it was Gildress that had been making me crazy and stopped taking escitalopram. I had about two days of feverish shaky withdrawals and headaches, but now I'm OK and sane on just Loestrin. I could see this drug being helpful to people with depression, but I'm still very mad it was prescribed to me to fix a symptom (hormonal problems caused by bad birth control) rather than addressing the root of the problem. I would not recommend it to deal with hormonal mood swings.Read More Read Less
22: Was on it for about 7 days and it caused nausea, extreme dizzy and mobility issues. Started having bad suicidal like thoughts that were scary. Stopped taking and handled my anxiety without this awful med.
23: I have been on escitalopram for 4 weeks now. My depression was gone after two days, but it came back within a few days. There's a little bit of relief, but I'm extremely tired and lack motivation to do anything.
24: I've been taking this med for 3 weeks. First week I only noticed a minimal difference but it takes time to take affect. After upping the dose, then I saw a good change. I still worry or stress but it's not overwhelming and I don't go into a weepy, depressed spiral. I also noticed that I don't have that "I hate my life/I want to die" mantra in my head. There are side effects: sleepy, tired/listless, disrupted sleep, vivid dreams, dry mouth, constipation/diarrhea and lack of sex drive. The tired/sleepiness I can deal with because I was always tired when I was depressed too. Dry mouth? I drink more water, which is good. No sex drive? That's fine, going through a divorce anyway with no plans to go back into a relationship right away. The tummy troubles though do affect my job but I'll manage. This drug saved my life! I didn't realize how bad I was until the drug took affect and suddenly my life was better(even with divorce, finance trouble, stress). I didn't try the name brand but the generic is working for me.Read More Read Less
25: I have been on this drug for 3 weeks and feel so much better. I am not angry and can feel joy in my life. I even feel love now, when before I had lost that. Sexual interest is coming back, also.
26: Taking Cipralex for Somatoform disorder (sensation of choking anytime I swallowed, unable to eat solid foods for months, cause by anxiety that I Was not feeling emotionally and instead experienced physically). The drug worked a bit slowly (I've been on it for a year and a half and I'm only now getting fully back to normal, but I had a looong way to come) but otherwise has been good. Limited side effects (nausea when I started, easier to get dizzy) but does what it's supposed to
27: It has been working well but has to be adjusted in the fall due to the SAD that goes along with the lack of winter day light.
28: i have been on this medication for about a week and it is unbearable. i am switching from zoloft which i loved but it didn’t help with my anxiety. i feel dizzy, nauseous, im sweating and sleeping almost all day. zoloft never made me feel like this.
29: Still not sure if it is working or if it is a menopausal symptom that I am trying to treat with anti depressant.  I have been on it over a year and citalopram before that.
30: I started on five mgs of this med for two weeks then tried ten mgs and i don't feel any better. i still don't go outside and it's sunny and i have a dog. i still feel down. and tired and no energy. this is going on three weeks. i take a nap during the day and go to bed at ten thirty at night time. and sleep till nine am. i don't want to go anywhere outside the house.
31: This medication caused me extreme anxiety. I took it for three weeks because everyone said it needed time to work.I felt trapped in my own body and I thought I was loosing my mind. Improvement after a couple of days without it. I think that it is a dangerous drug.
32: My doc prescribed 10 mg for anxiety. Worked outstanding for me. One in morning. Only side affects I notice that memory loss and got anti social. Results are outstandingly best. That's why overlooked the side afdects
33: i  feel relieved and my stomachache had stop.migrains have gone away...
34: The medicine started working within 15 days.It was accompanied first by clonazepam and buspirone. Then clonazepam was reduced and stopped. Now I am taking one tablet of Escitalopram in evening. Two buspirone in evening and one buspirone in morning. I am regaining the interest in work and feel my mood elevated with this drug. I do not have any side effect so far. I have been taking it for about 7 months and doc says she will continue for about 7 to 8 months more.
35: I have bouts with bad panic attacks. I'm not the type of person to lay in bed. I been on this 3 days and I constantly feel bloated, it's affecting my asthma I have constant anxious feeling. If you tell your Dr it isn't working they say give it time. This is the second time I've tried it and hate it. I get really agitated on it.
36: Mild to moderate depression and anxiety for several years due to family, health and financial issues. Started Lexapro 8 months ago. 10mg for 2 weeks then 20 mg since. First few days were aweful and almost quit. Had weird head, strange dreams, couldn't sleep. it really was aweful but after a week it was much easier and the depression and anxiety were significantly reduced. After 2 weeks the side effects were nonexistant (except for gas). No significant side effects after upping to 20mg.     I have been on 20mg for 7 months and feel GREAT! It saved my life. The only remaining side effects are that I can eat until I explode. I've gained about 10 lbs but I have been more careful to not overeat lately and have that under control. The other is somewhat reduced ability to orgasm. No problem, I was a hair trigger before so we are both better off now.    I plan on slowely getting off the Lexapro over the next few months because the family, health and financial issues have eased. I do have some fear of widthdrawal or the returning of anxiety and/or depression but I don't want to stay on this forever so I need to know if I can handle the reduced stress or not.    Lexapro saved my life. Don't give up because of short term side effects. Give it a few weeks. Best decision I ever made.Read More Read Less
37: I had severe depression/ anxiety after an emotional event. Within a month on Lexipro I started to feel better.
38: Very Effective. I was diganosed with depression.I felt a difference on the second day.
39: I have taken Lexapro 20mg for 10 years with lots of success. A month ago the pharmacy gave me the generic. I do not feel like it works as good as Lexapro so doctor increased another 10mg, started 2 days ago. So far too early to tell. Would like to go back to Lexapro but doctor wants me to give generic some time. For the past month I have had moody swings and suicidal thoughts. Hoping things improve.
40: It help me to stay at a good level and space.
41: Mr Dr. prescribed this to  me for depression and anger. I felt 100% different within 4 days. My anger is gone, depression as well. Increased my dosage from 10 to 20mg after a year. No weight gain or major side effects. This is a wonderful drug. I know 3 other people taking this and all of them are happy with it.
42: It’s been almost 3 weeks since I’m taking this medicine. I am experiencing breakdowns, worst headaches and panic attacks nearly everyday. Firstly i found hard to sleep but after a week I’m feeling sleepy all day.
43: Headache,affects my eyes, feel unsteady.  shaky inside, makes me cold.Gives me pain in my soft tissue in my butt, and gout.  cold head. freezing.
44: Ended my struggles with mood swings and anxiety. Once unable to drive into the city, I recently got back from a solo round-trip drive of 1,400 miles. Now more capable of holding my tongue, I'm also more likely to state my opinions. My ability to be appropriate and even tempered is definitely increased. One thing, if I try to skip doses or stop, symptoms are significant. Also, start up was difficult and very sleepy. It takes months to become stable.
45: Very effective for me. Calm and more relaxed. Sex life is better; stamina friendly for me. Tired all the time, eat more but for me the pros outweigh the cons.
46: didn't do much. kind of ineffective for me.
47: It has recently stopped working for me and I've been taking it for about 3 months.
48: Worst medicine ever, I don't recommend anyone to use it. Drink 5mg for only 3 days now experiencing nausea, weakness bed ridden, inability to ejaculate, loss of appetite. This medication has made my condition worst. Doctor did not inform the side effects of it. Else would not take it.
49: Is Escitalopram a plecebo?  It has no more effect than taking an asprin. Its cheeper than Lexapro but I guess you get what you pay for.
50: After struggling with depression for over 15 years, I had experienced my first episode of psychotic depression alongside suicidality. Within 8 hours of my first 5mg dose, I was able to think and act normally. This was my first experience with any psychotropic medication. I've now been at 10mg for six months, and the changes in my health, mood and thinking patterns is amazing. This has been truly life changing with no negative side effects.
51: I suffered with really bad panic and anxiety attacks and depession it was brilliant for the anxiety and panic but not withthe depession.
52: It was fine while I was on it but when I came off, I was sick for a month.  I would not recommend this drug to anyone.  There are plenty of other options.
53: I feel happier with hardly no side affects.  I don't eat very much. I feel a little tried  sometimes. Overall, I'm satisfied with the drug.
54: AFTER 1 WEEK I FELT NO BETTER BUT TOLD TO KEEP TAKING AFGTER 4TH WEEK MY SYMPTOMS REALLY IMPROVED SO LISTENED TO GP'S ADVICE CARRY ON NOW DEPRESSION ANXIETY REALLY IMPROVED SO YEP STICK WITH IT TOOK 4 WKS BUT WORTH IT.
55: No side effects that I didn't have with Lexapro. A great generic option.
56: I took escitalopram (Lexapro) for just over one month. This was one of the worst medications I've ever taken so far. It didn't help out with my anxiety one bit. Wouldn't recommend this medication to anyone!
57: Did not notice   much change
58: After taking Lexapro sucssesfuly for several years, I was switched to this generic to save money.  With poor results. Used this generic for 2.5 months and relized I was slowly becoming depressed again.  I was surprised as I have take other generics and have not noticed any difference from the original manufacture.
59: Immediate relief of panic attacks
60: I discovered another part of myself. I laughed in bad situations. I want to give it up with escitalopram. I take kilos. I am not the same.
61: If you run out of meds or forget to take this med for a couple days,you can experience flu-like symptoms.
62: I was prescribed Cipralex, 5mg once a day to start and to work up from there. Since the pills come in 10mg or 20mg only, I had to cut the 10mg pills in half. I lasted FOUR days on this medication before I pulled myself off. Day 1, it felt like someone had hit me in the back of the head. Day 2 I developed a "travelling headache" where pain would alternate between a sharp, stabbing pain at the forehead, throbbing at the temples and throbbing at the nape of my neck. Day 3 the headache had changed to stabbing pain everywhere. Day 4 it felt like my head was splitting open. And you can't just pop an Advil because it stops Cipralex from working. Ontop of the headaches, during all 4 days I felt like I was buzzed; that's the best way to describe it. I definitely couldn't drive and sometimes had problems forming sentences. Since I work FT between the pain and the inability to function on a basic level I decided this drug was not for me and stopped taking it. Withdrawal has been tolerable I suppose. Definitely not as bad as when I stopped Sertraline. Switching between too hot and too cold, lost some coordination in my upper limbs for a breif period of time, very little sleep, and oh yes a headache still. Though minor compared to yesterday
63: I was a wreck, same day I started I was calm, never before that.
64: I'm using escitalopram around 3 years now. It really saved me from my depression and panic attacks. Im using 10mg. But in Iran i was using this pill by the name Ezipam, now im using cipralex lately, it just makes me a little sleepy but i think i shoulf continue using it. The people who says that they had bad experiences is becuz they didn't use it for a long time. This pill may make u sleepy or dizzy or stressed for first month but after using 1 month it will be perfect !! Don't worry.
65: Been using this for 2 yrs..can recommend this medication to those having panic attack.
66: I'm terrified to come off it. I missed a few doses and I walked around feeling like I'd drop to the floor any moment. I also had vertigo type symptoms. The feeling of dropping dead was just too scary. I don't like what it's doing.
67: I've been taking this for a month now and feel so much better. The hot flashes are gone and the anxiety is eased up.  I have fought depression my whole life and then the menopause made it worse.  I cried for 2 weeks straight.  Now I am so much better.  I got a few side effects but I started off at 5 mg then increased to 10mg.  My only concern is gaining weight.  I feel hungry all the time.  So I eat  small snacks like popcorn, pretzel, fruit, etc.  So far so good!
68: I was prescribed with escitalopram 10 mg for the treatment of anxiety and depression. I had been on it for 3 weeks till I stopped it after developing sexual dysfunction. It has been 7 months and still there is no hope of recovery as there is no definitive cure for this condition. I am depressed manyfolds now. It has disabled me and left me with desperation and suicidal thoughts. I would recommend not to take escitalopram nor any other antideressant of SSRI class unless you think sex is less important than prevailing mental health condition.Read More Read Less
69: I have been taking Lexapro - then the generic for several years. Has kept my depression at bay during this time. Less feelings of anger and agression than before taking the drug. Downside is the loss of sex drive. I know that every drug has different effects on each individual. The 10 mg dosage has been effective for me. I have had more enjoyment of life.  It has kept me on a more even keel, even during the year when both of my parents passed away.
70: This medication has done less for me than anything else i’ve ever taken. I tried to stop cold-turkey for a bit but developed more side effects than when i started taking them in the first place.
71: Took 5mg as prescribed finally one day to see if it would help me, made me feel anxious/restless and slightly euphoric but also gave me headaches and made it hard to gather thoughts clearly. Woke up the next day after and was still feeling the effect, the drug stays working in your system for more then a day. I discontinued use after that experience, take caution if you're considering taking it as this medication doesn't work for everyone.
72: I've been on Escitalopram for 7 years and have been quite happy with it. it's not a cure for anxiety & depression but it helps. as far as I know I have not had any side effects, if I have they are minimal.
73: Have been taking for almost ten years for anxiety and depression.  This drug saved my life and I have very little side effects.  I have gained some weight, but don't necessarily blame the medicine.  I love to eat!  I was extremely depressed and having panic attacks regularly and couldn't function day to day.  After two weeks, I was back to my old self.
74: I started this medication after I quit smoking and found myself screaming at everyone. My anger was so great I wanted to hurt people, I would just shake trying to control myself.  If there is a lower sex drive, I haven't experienced it. But my husband is not really into sex anymore.ED from Diabetes. So that is a seldom thing. Works great for me!  After 3 years I had to up it to 20 mg. But my anger is under control.
75: I switched to the generic in March when it was first available.  In the last 2 months I have noticed increased sweating/ hot flashes...so much so I thought I might be going through early menopause.  Blood draw showed normal levels of hormones, etc... so have come to the conclusion that maybe it is this generic form.  Definitely a noticable decrease in sex drive (even from regular Lexapro)
76: Taking Lexapro changed my life!  Happy, energetic, lost unwanted pounds, no depression..... insurance company wouldn't pay for Lexapro anymore so had to switch to generic Lexapro.  The generic put me in a downward spiral to horrible depression, anxiety, etc. I think the generic is a sugar pill!
77: I've only been taking this for a few days at this point so I cannot comment on how effective it is but I haven't experienced any side effects. I feel a bit of calm and pride in finally taking medication but I think that's mostly a placebo effect so early on.

I just wanted to share the good advice my doctor shared with me since it seems some people do not have great relationships with their doctor.

It takes approximately 2 weeks for things to get "better" while on this drug. From 2 weeks until 6 weeks, you should gradually begin to feel the full effects. Around the 6 week mark, that will be your new normal.

I would schedule a follow up with your doctor around 4 to 6 weeks to discuss.

DO NOT STOP TAKING THIS DRUG ALL AT ONCE unless you have bad side effects. If you are looking to stop, my doctor suggested a gradual decrease. If you take 10mg daily, swap to half tablets. Then half tablets every other day. Then every third day.

Read More Read Less
78: Has stopped my remembering having night  terrors
79: helps me with over-emotionality and inexpensive.
80: Terrible medicine. Post using this i was feeling suicidal tendency, irritation, i was given this for tension, anxiety. But post having this medicine i was severely sick....its like i was fine before...this medicine made me sick
81: I used to have high anxiety and I had a lot of ANGER & RAGE problems along with extreme highs and lows. Would experience 20 different emotions in a matter of 5min. My mind would constantly race & I always had a million things going at once. Could not sleep very well or at all & my sleep has improved.
82: It has quieted the negative voices in my head. I've taking for almost two years, and occasionally I forget to take it for a day or two. Almost inevitably, the chatter inside my head begins to belittle me or a sense of dread creeps back in. That's when I realize i've forgotten my dose. It has helped alleviate the nagging, underlying sense of defeat and unworthiness, without giving me any sense of a "high." I like the neutral feeling it provides. I don't feel any side effects. Also seems to help with perimenopause. I don't feel like crying all the time anymore.Read More Read Less
83: Hi, I am a 41 year old female with diagnosed depression.  In the last 3 years I have had some negative life events happen that turned me into an emotional rollercoaster. I would be fine one minute then burst into tears for the smallest reason,  get bouts of anger and fall into depressive funk for days at a time,  have melt downs in public,  etc.  My GP prescribed me this medication 3 years ago, escitalopram 10mg, and I have been faithfully taking it ever since. 2-3 weeks after beginning this medication,  I was finally able to get off the rollercoaster and feel more balanced then I've ever felt.  I still have days where I feel no interest in doing anything in life now and then,  but for the most part I feel a normal balance with very few side effects.  I have had stomach issues,  and problems reaching orgasm, but I had these problems since before starting the medication so I don't think that's the medication causing this. Anyway I think this medication has saved my life,  and I am thankful for it
84: Started at 10mg and side effect was loose bowels, but benefit was fewer and milder panic attacks.  Went to 20mg at a year and had chaotic heartbeat.  Went back to 10mg and started taking with food, which cured the bowel issue.  Then went back to 20mg and had no chaotic heartbeat.  The solution for me was taking it with breakfast.  Not even a mild attack in 6 months.
85: Been on this med for over 2 years and considering stopping. I haven’t experienced many side noticeable side effects while taking it, but occasionally I would forget to refill and have to go a few days without it. This would cause dizziness and vertigo that went away immediately after going back on the drug. Plus, my doctor never told me I wasn’t supposed to drink alcohol or use marijuana while taking it. I told him that I vaped cannabis every day to so it was hard to determine if it was the drug or the pot that was improving my mood. I recently stopped using cannabis and alcohol, and now I’m experiencing shortness of breath and irregular/low heart beats while on this drug. I’m planning on weening myself off, because I suspect this drug is causing the symptoms. I’m just hoping the vertigo isn’t too severe and eventually goes away.Read More Read Less
86: I have been taking the 10 mg for 1 year. My doctor prescribed it because I was having mood changes and extreme anxiety after taking the Depo shot. I didn't start feeling the effects of the medication until after 2 weeks. I felt the full effects after 4 weeks. I do have moments where I try to take myself off which is not recommended but when I do, I go back to feeling the way I did before. It has worked wonders for me.
87: It helps me with some of my anxiety, but I build up a resistance to it and it doesn't work as well as I would like it to. I still have frequent anxiety attacks, they're just not as severe.
88: I took escitalopram (Lexapro) for just over one month. This was the worst medication I've ever taken so far. It didn't help out with my anxiety one bit. Wouldn't recommend this medication to anyone!
89: Swapped over to these about 2 years ago, for panic attacks went down from 20mg to 10mg 
Then 5mg then nothing for last 4-5 days. Had  horrendous panic attack today and sweats vomiting , had get ambulance, this is withdrawal symptoms, can’t sleep feel on edge so nautious can’t eat, il have go back on 10 mg then get advise from my gp about getting weaned off, do not stop altogether like me, just awful , feel weird out of it
90: the first 2 weeks had been rough due to side effects that included amplified anxiety, hot flashes, mild tremors and restlessness. they went away on the 3rd week and i've been better ever since. it's my 5th month on escitalopram. i suffered GAD for almost 2 years.
91: I have been using for 5 months. Disiness, insomnia and slight excitation I have experienced. In the mean time anxiety was resolved... Dose: 20 mg/day now. But still I did not  completely recovered. % 80 better..
92: Took this on and off for at least 3 years for anxiety / depression. I love how effective it is, however it causes major memory issues, brain fog, and huge withdrawal symptoms when missed. mainly migraines and nausea for me.
93: It was probably just a placebo effect, but I noticed a different within the first two weeks! No, this drug won't make your forever elated, but it has made my life a LOT better. In fact, I don't know what I would have done without it. There are still moments were I feel slightly down, but nothing in comparison to before. The only bad side effects I had were mild headaches for first few months and loose stools. Worth it, if you ask me!
94: It caused me to have SSRI discontinuation syndrome
95: I hate this medicine! It gave me tingly sensation all over while taking this, it disrupted my sleep, gave me body twitches all over during the night, my moods became worse. Only reason I took it is my stupid Health Insurance won't cover my Lexapro expense! So they pretty much forced me to take this other garbage for a lower price, and they said they'd cover it. I hate my health insurance!! And any other health insurances that don't or won't cover Lexapro. However, the stupid idiots running my health insurance, FINALLY gave me a discount on my Lexapro because I've "tried" the stupid medicine. BAH!! What a waste of time and money. I strongly advise NOT using this Escitalopram garbage. It does more harm than good, no thanks to my stupid Health Insurance for not wanting to cover my Lexapro expenses!!Read More Read Less
96: In my experience Lexapro is the only medication that has helped me manage depression, panic disorder and BMT Migraines.  Prior, I've been on a number of widely prescribed medication to treat those conditions without seeing any benefits and having my symptoms worsen. Once I started on Lexapro, panic attacks have completely stopped within two months.  Depression has become manageable and almost completely gone in about 6 months.  Added benefit in my case - BMT migraines that I've suffered from for almost 6 years have subsided to the point where I only have to watch my diet.  Occasional episodes are now easily treated with Advil.  I've been able to resume normal life after only 3 months of being on Lexapro. Warning: in my case this drug definitely has caused long term sexual dysfunction. I was able to recover, to a point. As long as I am on this drug, I don't expect to have normal, healthy sexual drive. Also, I'd warn about switching from brand name to generic escitalopram. In my case, it caused quick return of debilitating mood changes.  I have to take twice the dose of escitalopram to get the benefit of single dose of Lexapro
97: This drug was too strong for me, even when taken at a low dose!  The doctor started me at a dose of 20 mg. in the hospital, but that was way too much.  I became irritable, moody, manic, hyperactive in my thinking.  I also had crying spells.  He cut back the dose to 10 mg. and that was better, but the main cause of my depression lay in the fact that I was in a hospital where I had lost  control over my life.  When I got home I went back to my old antidepressant, Celexa.  It worked a lot better.
98: I just wanted to update a previous post about my awful experience on this drug as I did say I had switched to mirtazapine . I just want to update it as after 4 days I have come off this too ! I just don’t want anyone reading this that mirtazapine was ok . Again I know it works super for some people & I can’t really say as I wasn’t on it for very long but it just wasn’t for me & my sleep was not much improved . So I’ve decided to go medication free , I’m nearly 60 & I just don’t seem to be great on them . My sleep is still what would be described as insomnia but I’m getting help from a sleep specialist to get it slowly back into a rhythm & accepting that I may wake at night & some days may be tired but will remain positive , active , dig deep & push through them . I read till I feel very sleepy & then play a sleep meditation video from you tube quietly near the pillow without looking at phone . I’ve realised that it’s played all through but I’ve often fallen asleep . Ok it may not be for hours or ideal but I am more in control of my own health & that has done wonders for my state of mental health . Clearly this doesn’t work for everyone but for me it’s my way forward plus I want to drink on my 60th soon & this has also been my motivation as me drinking on any medication made me even more depressed & sad . It’s not like I drink much but I just want to feel free to if I fancy the off drink. Sorry just don’t want to mislead anyone & good luck one & all . Have the music on & try & sing & dance , it helps ! ??Read More Read Less
99: This drug changed my life. After taking it for a week, the sense of gloom and sadness I had struggled with for 7 years started to fade away.
100: I experienced major mood swings while on this medication as well as digestive issues. For the effectiveness, it did not work.
101: After trying several other medications this was the only one that didn’t give me side effects and left me feeling like myself again. I would highly recommend this to anyone struggling with anxiety.
102: I've been precribed my meds almost 6 months ago but was nervous about taking it. (Go figure) I get really bad anxeity right before meetings or even anything related to public speaking. Which would result in me taking my negative attitude home. This really was bad on my relationship as I was very snappy at home. I'm on day 3 right now of 5mg a day and I literally feel the positive effects get better daily. Day 1; I was a bit loopy and zoned out, but had this great feeling of euphoriaa couple of hours into it. Day 2, a little dry mouth but again, my temperament was great. Things that would infuriate me, didnt or at least not as much at all. No appetite for alcohol, at all. Day 3, starting to get this new energy I havent felt in a while. Also, just had a phone meeting and it felt like I was a different person speaking. I will log the effects for the next couple of weeks and share my experience.  Read More Read Less
103: The only medication that has worked for me.
104: This has helped with depression and anxiety ,do not miss doses as it made me very emotional.  Someone on here Anon 19-24 said they were on Lexapro before and had a bad experience, this is the generic name for Lexapro . aka same medication
105: Im just obsessed and very proud how this medicament is working with me.Thank you Science and doctors.I was suffering from anxiety and high depression.im taking 10mg.When you start better begin slowly and less.It doesnt show directly result.wait at least 2-3 week please!
106: It also took about a month for me to start feeling the full effect.  My best example is on Christmas Eve, I dropped a bottle of soda coming out of the fridge and it exploded all over the kitchen.  I literally laughed even though I knew my company coming over were on their way.  I said, "the old Michelle would have threw a fit, and Christmas Eve would have been ruined!"  The new Michelle just laughed it off.  I don't sweat the small stuff and I feel more rational, and feel like my old self again.  I have been on this medication for 6 months now, 10 mg.Read More Read Less
107: I was Taking Lexapro for 5 years and doing great, 2 months ago I was change to this egneric lexapro, and slowly I had becoming depress again. I can't find another reason?
108: I've been on Escitalopram 5 mgs for a couple of months, and I swear after a week I started feeling better emotionally. My emotional well-being is better than it probably has ever been in my life. I only wish I had tried this years ago. I do have the yawns and feel tired 80% of the time. But my emotional well-being is more important to me right now than how I feel physically and energy-wise. I had headaches the first week, but those have gone away. No weight gain, not yet anyway. Thank you, Lexapro/Escitalopram! Read More Read Less
109: I am more optimistic.  I do look forward to the future.  I don't have a sex drive, and I have a hot partner.  I hit bottom in 2002.  I have never been so scared in my life.
110: I have been taking this drug for about 3 weeks now and it works great for the depression but I have no sex drive at all now and am wondering if there are any alternatives.
111: I started on 10mg. but was unsatisfied so increased it to 20mg. and find it somewhat satisfactory.
112: Is being excellent for me to use as I have been having lots of problems for years family, etc this drug has been my savioe
113: While on the drug experienced sexual dysfunction, emotional blunting and anhedonia. Have discontinued Cipralex for 10 months now, but the sexual dysfunction HAS NOT GONE AWAY. Have died sexually, cannot experience sexual arousal, no attraction to women (or men), have anorgasmia, no more morning wood, penis stays flacid for weeks, cannot generate precum, cannot masturbate, have been celibate for 10 months now. Have never experienced sexual dysfunction before these pills. Have Post-SSRI Sexual Dysfunction now. This drug acts as a permanent castration agent in some percentage of it's users. Also suspect permanent emotional blunting and anhedonia.Read More Read Less
114: 20 mg   I still want to be in a closet with the door closed.  I hate my life.
115: Panic attacks due to pressures at work and generalized anxiousness for most of my life were alleviated along with therapy by 10 mg per day of Lexapro.  I started using it in October 2015 and have tapered to 5 mg / day in early 2019.  It is a mellow helper and cuts the edge of anxiety to where I see more clearly situations and events.
116: Have taken the brand name Lexapro for years and have had a dramatic improvement in my depression; the generic is not as effective after just a few days on the generic my mood deteriorates and my depression increases. It seems gradual at first but I notice a significant increase in my anxiety and anger.
117: just start'd takin them today. yet another pill to try. have suffer'd with depression all my life. readin up on other peoples comments im not lookin at these to work either!!! Must be my 30th pill ive try'd.just come down from 350mg of seroquel to 50mg to take with them with 3 other meds i take for depression too.
118: was told that I was going to be put on Seroquel,but when I pick up the script it was this escitalopram ; can you tell me if this is close to seroquel
119: I felt more anxious
120: The pharmacy started offering this as a generic option two months ago. My anxiety has steadily been increasing. I am switching back to Lexapro which worked well.
121: Worked moderately well at controlling my anger/depression, but it came at the expense of a fair amount of sexual problems.  I can accept the problems, but they're not welcome.
122: I never wanted to do anything with my family that didn't involve being around a hospital. They like to do hikes, hunting and a lot of outdoor things which I wouldn't do. We own a boat and I was scared to go out in it. It was life altering so I changed doctors and he put me on this. What a god send I now do everything with them and and as a result lost 73 lbs because I began working out and living again. This is the drug for me tried many others but I'm a very happy woman now.
123: Diarrhea
124: I use this daily, I was started at 5mg and had no side effects so it was increased to 20mg, I honestly feel fantastic! I have had only 1 panic attack recently, which was fixed by a lorazapam dose. But over all this escitalopram has drastically helped with my day to day anxiousness. I see a lot of people saying it made them lose sleep, make sure you take your pill in the AM NOT PM. It will help you wake up in the morning instead of keeping you up at night! :)
125: TL;DR; I was prescribed 10mg daily of this medication to counteract moderate anxiety. But it has helped with panic attacks as well. It was effective almost from day one and I recommend it to others.    The Bad: I got nausea the first 2 days, headaches for about a week, soft stools for about 3 weeks and a small loss in libido.     The Good: I noticed a real difference within days of taking the medication. I'm skeptical that it was a placebo effect because they say it shouldn't have full effect till 2-4 weeks, however, I don't care and I'll take what I can get even if it was a placebo effect. I used to have panic attacks, and general anxiety to many things. I'd hold to things for days and I'd generally be down, even though I was convinced what I had was just a "regular amount of stress". Right away, I noticed I didn't have rash and abrupt reactions to things, things rolled off me a lot easier and I approached everything in life more calmly. I've had more focus at work, I'm able to concentrate better and I'm more engaged with family and my kids
126: It gave me a new balanced persepective while working under stress.
127: only side effect I;ve had is when missing doses...  sparks fly in my head.
128: I took escitalopram for anxiety and depression on two separate occasions. I want to quickly disclaim that I'm not saying the medication is bad or that it doesn't work. To be honest, I didn't make the 3-month mark both times, so I don't actually know how well escitalopram could work for my anxiety/depression. 

However, the side effects to get on escitalopram were not worth the therapeutic effect for me. It felt like I had a bad flu, but without the vomiting and such. I was lightheaded to the point of being unable to hold a normally benign conversation and my body had a heavy, sick-like "ick" feeling. These symptoms did relatively subsided after about a week. But, after those symptoms lessened I noticed my libido was significantly dampened. 

I know you're supposed to "push through it" for a few months but I couldn't do it. I switched to a different medication (bupropion xl) that I've been taking for at least 6 months now and it's like night and day. 

TL;DR: Wasn't on it long enough to say if it worked. Side effects were too much to stay on it.Read More Read Less
129: 32 y/o male c depression + anxiety   systemic drug effective awesome for stage fright and fear of public places.  Prolongs ejaculation and eases ability to put up with constant failure and other peoples BS
130: My doctor recommended I give these a try was I was debating quitting my job because of stress. Four weeks later I was a different person. I not only didn't quit my job, I was subsequently praised by my superiors and colleagues for dramatic change for the better. Friends and family have also said that I seem like a different, much happier person. I just wish I'd known about this stuff years ago.
131: I am taking this for my Migraine headaches it has stopped my headaches and when I do get one they aren't as bad as before ...
132: I started having bad anxiety and depression after I had a brain tumor in 2012. I was placed on Xanax in 2016 and that was the worst experience I ever had with pills. This particular pill has honestly been a God save. I’ve been able to focus and live. I unfortunately went almost 3 1/2 months without the medication and I suffered. My personality went through major withdrawals. My body was hurting and I tried to substitute the medication with exercise and other things, but nothing helped. I genuinely have been miserable and angry. I just went and picked up my prescription and I couldn’t be happier! Read More Read Less
133: Please be careful when you stop taking this drug. I had to to switch doctors, and for 2 months inbetween doctors my first one would not prescribe me any more medication. I had terrible withdrawal symptoms because I just had to completely stop taking it. Make sure you talk to your doctor before stopping this drug!
134: very drive lips
135: I felt this medicine working after five days! It has been a great help to deal with a traumatic event in my life.  Also I don't have the episodes of panic attacks any more. I take 10mg every morning and my blood pressure has lowered due to less anxious feelings!
136: ... I was just prescribed this today.. im reading everyones reviews on my 3 new meds... i was diagnosed with bipolar when i was 15, i was on trazodone, zoloft, and abilify. i took my self off when i was 16. im now 21 and my episodes are longer and worse. im now on escitalopram, trazodone, and risperidone, im afraid...
137: I have frequent night flushing and very disturbed sleep pattern.also I have developed freezing toes and wondered if it is the tablets as it has been about the same time difference.I am nauseus but not too bad.
138: In 2020, during the lockdown, I developed some strange episodes of depression, extreme high palpitations and anxiety levels that I could not sleep for 5 straight nights. Upon getting to the doctors, I was prescribed escitalopram as part of my medication. It worked very well. The only side effects I experience are: dry mouth, a lot of sweating, dizziness sometimes, tiredness. when I forget to use it, I start to experience shocks especially when I turn my head, I start to see moving objects, I feel agitated and I experience severe mood swings and frustrations. All these goes away once I start using it again.Read More Read Less
139: generic lexapro did not help. Real Lexapro did adn I am so glad to be back on it. Yes, it is more expensive, but somehow I went down hill after going generic.  Peace of mind is worth the cost. I will forgo other monetary things to have calmness and happiness.
140: It has done nothing for me
141: This was really horrible. I've been taking it for almost a year now and finally switching to something else, I've been tireder than ever; lost a lot of weight; crazy mood swings. everything about it has made me a terror for other people to be around in much worse ways than I was before I took the medication.
142: This works quite well on both my panic disorder and major depressive disorder, but I haven't seen improvement with my OCD and it was very hard finding an appropriate dose for me for a long time.
143: escitalopram is an excellent drug.   it does sure help in the case of anxiety.  the negative effect is blurry vision,  too much of weight gain etc..
144: Since switching to this, my level of concentration is non-existent.  I cannot focus on anything.  This was prescribed to control my anxiety.  Not being able to focus and complete a task has only increased my anxiety level.  Very frustrating.
145: I have been taking zoloft my dr change my meds to this one and idont it helps at all
146: Basically no more side effects after a few weeks, but it hasn't helped my OCD at all.
147: I have been taking for about 3 months, now feeling better and trying to quit .. I am have issue now weird like feelings dreams and something like seizures but not
148: I’ve been taking the medication for four weeks and I have severe anxiety. Doctor suggested two more weeks to see if the medication kicks in differently. I sure hope something changes because this is unbearable.
149: Before getting on this medication I had suffered with anxiety for several years. I have always been very against using a prescribed drug to treat my anxiety, but it got to the point where I couldn't get out of bed. The first two weeks of being on this drug were very difficult, and I recommend not drinking for 4 weeks until your body gets used to it. I'm not two, approaching three, months into the drug and am very thankful I began it. Obviously I still have days where I struggle, but it has made it far more manageable
150: First pill taken last night, woke up at 1:30 am and did not go back to sleep.  Also had stomach pain and diarhea.  Feeling anxious and I will not take this medication ever again. Complete insomnia and stomach upset from it.
151: This medication is awful! It caused personality changes, aggression, and antisocial behaviors. The tension level this drug caused was unbearable! Please stay away from this terrible medication. There are better meds out there.
152: So far i've been taking this medication for 6 months and it helps alot.
153: My dr prescribed this med for hot flashes due to menopause. Took one pill and ended up in the ER due to a reaction. I flushed the rest of the pills.
154: I have been taking this medication on and off for about 2 years now. I think it's helped quite a bit. So good that I find myself forgetting to take my meds. Not sure if that creates a problem or not but sometimes I have these depression/ panic episodes. As long as I take my medication every day I'm usually fine. I do feel like I sleep a lot but not all day. I'd rather sleep a lot then not be able to sleep
155: Why did my dr. change my med from citlolaopram  to escitralopram??? what is the difference???
156: It took around 5 weeks before the total effect kick in..and did it kick in!  Helping me thru death and divorce.  Thank God for my doctor for putting me on it.  Was reluctant to take at first.  Cleared my foggy head, confusing, lost weight, able to deal with one problem at a time, putting life in perspective.  Sex drive, well, sex is overated anyway, have had somewhat of a decrease but thats due to the everyday stresses.  It comes and goes.  Am a funeral director, lost my dog this year, currently going thru divorce, and a life or death surgery coming up for my mother.  Thank God for God's grace and this pill.  Everythings gonna be alright.    Read More Read Less
157: My neurologist prescribed this medication to "break the cycle" of migraines.  I still get headaches occasionally but am better able to handle it.  No weight gain.  Just have to be mindful of the cravings and deal with it reasonably.  This helps me relax enough to know what my migraine symptoms actually are, and not take off into the fight or flight reactions I was getting before.
158: my depression is worsening with head pains(aches) liek cranio msuclar aches not to be confused with headaches.  Sad meloncholic still after several mths... I hate this feeling. It  is the worse
159: This medication is amazing. My anxiety is completely gone. People share negative experiences more than positive experiences so I thought I would share this. If anything, this increases my libido because my anxiety before would decrease it. 10/10
160: The only thing I have been worried about while on this medication is the fact that I have, almost every night, had very vivid dreams....and I remember them clearly when I wake up in the morning.  Some of them are very worrisome to me!
161: I have been taking Escitalopram 20mg for almost 6 years now. I absolutely love that it works for my anxiety. However the weight gain I have had is unbelievable. When I first started this medication I weighed 125 now after 6 years I weigh 162. This is the down side for me with this medication. Other than the weight gain, I have had minimal Anxiety attacks. I used to sit in bed at night and only be able to listen to my heart sound like it was going to thump out of my chest until 2 in the morning. Now it has helped me sleep at night. I feel like I could care less about certain things that before would completely just make me panic. I used to cry over anything that would happen, and now I just don't care. I would recommend however be cautious of the weight gain
162: I had been on this for quite a few years with only slight good results.  I have had constant shortness of breath while on this drug.  I quit the drug slowly, and I no longer have the constant shortness of breath.  I will never take it again
163: I've taken several medications over the years including Prozac, Zoloft, wellbutrin (which I was allergic to) citalopram and recently escitalopram.  The citalopram I took for years and it was the only one that seemed to make a difference. But after about 5 years of taking it, I started feeling angry all the time and stressed. My doctor put me on escitalopram to help with the anxiety. This drug is horrible. I'm still angry a lot. Plus sad, and it's killed my sex drive 100%. I didn't have much to start with but I had some, now I have none. Going back to the doctor in a couple of weeks. Hope to get something else
164: I have taken the brand name Lexapro for over 5 years and been in complete remission of Borderline Personality Disorder for 4 1/2 years.  Once Lexapro went generic, I was excited for the cheaper copay, but within 3 weeks of taking it, I was depressed, underperforming at work, and suicidal.  I thought this was stemming from PTSD from an attempted mugging I experienced about 2 months before, and continued to take the generic form for another two months.  I ended up having to check myself into a psychiatric ward for four days.  Once I was released, I talked with my doctor and he said he had at least 12 other patients that all "bottomed out" immediately after going on generic Lexapro and it just took him some time to "conenct the dots".  It took only about a week of being switched back to the brand name and I began to feel "normal" again.  Then it took about 2 months to get my insurance to cover the brand name without my pharmacy charging me anxillary charges, but approval finally came through, so it's definitely worth investigating if you're forced to take generics due to insurance.  I am a big supporter of generic medications, but this generic certainly DOES NOT WORK.Read More Read Less
165: I have used this drug off and on for a period of 5 yrs and highly recommend it.  It helped me get through the loss of two brothers within 5 months of each other and currently I started back taking them again as I decided to quit smoking and they have helped me (now 9 months) smoke-free with anxiety, depression, feeling like I lost my best friend.  No side effects that I'm aware of but have experienced changes in my body from the quitting smoking.  I was a smoker for 48 yrs. so it was the hardest thing I ever done but I remain positive that I will remain this way.  Still have my down days but on the whole I feel great!!!!Read More Read Less
166: I was on it for quite a while a couple years ago, and it really helped my depression and anxiety. I found more at ease and I wasn't as irritable.
167: I felt different... almost unreal. I found time going by fast. I even questioned who i was... it was kinda scary. Im better without this horrible offbrand.  My depression did not get better either.
168: Beginning to feel somewhat better after just completing 3 weeks on this medication.  Starting to sleep better and not feel as jittery and light-headed.  As noted in several posts, it definitely takes time to "build up" in the system - and I'm still not really where I hope to be.  Time will tell....
169: Started taking this medication after having my first child. Have had depression my entire life. Over the course of the 4 years I was on it I went through major insomnia, chronic bowl issues, no sex drive, and gained 50 lbs in 4 years. So in terms of wanting to kill my self less, yes it helped. Now 50 lbs larger and exhausted 4 years later, I am going off of it because of the effect that all has had on my depression.
170: I was suffering from anxiety for the past 30-years. I have been on regular treatment of one or the other medicine. I had nervous breakdown 3-times. Thanks to this medicine, I have great improvement in my personality after I have started this medicine. I am taking 10-mg per day in the night. All other medicines are stopped. Had I got this earlier in my life, my life would have changed for better.
171: Swapped citalopram 20mg to Escitalopram 10mg 6 months ago. This medication has been horrendous for me. Agitation, anxiety, anger, fast heart beat, sweating, weight gain. I’m going the doctors tomorrow to swap back. It may work great for some people but not for me.
172: I took only 2 doses of Escitalopram 10mg on 2 separate days, and my anxiety went to the roof, it also instantly killed any sexual sensation and even ability to feel any feeling whatsoever, it made a robot. I stopped it right away, but it's been a week and my sexuality hasn't returned, it's still 90% gone, and my feelings are still blunted to a degree. I'm afraid I might be experiencing PSSD (Post-SSRI Sexual Dysfunction), as many people report PSSD after stopping Escitalopram, even after very few doses as I had. I am so scarred that this might last years now, as it does for so many people suffering from PSSD
173: Has relieved my depression and anxiety,restored my appetite.
174: I started taking this medication 5 yrs ago.  It has worked fine until lately, I started having severe anxiety attacks again.
175: Insomnia in the first month, huge loss in sex drive.
176: this drug should be off the market with its side effects.  It is a generic for Lexapro and does not even come close.  I fell worse when I take than if I don't take.  Its is a bad drug.
177: When my husband passed away, I was okay for 3 months.  Then I lost all control of my emotions-weepy all the time over dropping a spoon etc.  My doctor prescribed this medicine at 10mgs and side effects were not worth it.  He said cut the pill in half and that was exactly the dose I needed!  Thank you God for this pill.  Doc says I can get off any time I feel like it, but I can also stay on it for life if I need to.  I recognize the imbalance grief plunged my body into and so far this pill is keeping me in balance, that is, I am able to function as before my tragedy.Read More Read Less
178: Medication has been a blessing for 6 years. Because of husband's deteriorating health as well as major legal problems, I experienced major depression and anxiety beginning in 2017. Doctor prescribed 10mg then bumped me up to 20mg. Life is still difficult with husband's health but because of medication I'm no longer experiencing debilitating anxiety and depression.
179: My husband was put on this by a new doctor for his PTSD and depression. It has made his behavior much worse, and he FEELS worse, also. I hate him being a guinea pig! His outbursts are more frequent and bad, and the vivid nightmares have increased, I would agree that this is an evil drug!
180: I have been on this drug for almost a year for a combo of depression, anxiety, panic, and OCD. At first it helped a lot, and then after a few months it helped less. I went from 10mg to 20mg, and things got better for a little bit.     I feel like this drug helps to take the "edge" off, but I still have a lot of depression and anxiety issues. I'd like to keep taking this, but increase the dose further or add a new medication.    To be fair though, I also have a lot of trauma behind me, as well as bad genes, and I've had bad luck with a lot of other pharmaceuticals... so I'm kind of a hard match. BUT Cipralex has by far been the best SSRI I've ever used!Read More Read Less
181: Tired, dizzy, sweat alot and don't sleep. Lexapro much better.
182: I have taken other SSRIs before and SNRIs. For me, I felt an effect within a few hours. It comes on as very jittery and with the jaw clenching, very similar to SNRIs like Effexor. I've never had another SSRI react this way. It helps, I just hope the side effects get better.
183: I took Lexapro for three years after my 16 year old son died.  Have been on this horrible generic for one month and i can't work, ican;t get out of bed, and I cry all the time.  I just want to die!  Guess I"ll pay $200 amonth for Lexapro and not eat!  Insurance covers 0 of Lexapro!!
184: My doctor took me off Prozac which was a blessing!  I have not found any nasty side-effects since I've been taking it for about 4 years.  I holds me together.  Without this med I can't seem to handle things.  I am much more in contral and able to handle life's situations.  Without it I seem to fall apart.   For me it has benn a god-send.
185: I have been taking this medicine for about 3 years. I have taken up to like 100mg or something from the lowest dosage. It did work for awhile and then i just had to keep upping the dosage and currently I got of the med to change over to a different one.
186: Taken for GAD and depression. I gained about 15-20 lbs, however, I did have eating disorder issues that have mainly disapeared which could be the reason for the weight gain. Major loss of sex drive, extreme night sweats and nightmares when missing a doses, as well I had SSRI discontinuation syndrome so bad that I felt suicidal. I am supposed to be on 1 1/2 pill dose but found I was sleeping constantly (my brother is also taking this and experiences extreme fatigue as well). Consistency is definitly key when taking this medication as it is highly effective but has undesirable side effects when you miss does or try to stop taking it. I experienced electric shock sensation, vertigo, as well as extreme anxiety and irritability when I attempted to discontinue
187: loss bowels ,sluggish & tired
188: I know this drug works for some people but not for me . I took it for nearly 6 weeks & towards the end was in an awful state crying , breaking down every day with my head feeling like it was exploding with stress and anxiety I never want to experience again . Luckily after phoning the doctors a GP said taper it off , half tablet 2 days running and no tablet then switch to mirtazapine 15 mg . I knew on the day of not taking any tablet that I felt less anxious and a lot more calm even before starting the other drug ! Also I had started to get a lot of sleep anxiety as I had insomnia on it too . I had ptsd after a spinal op which went well but nearly 60 and for some reason it floored me . Am so much more my old self on mirtazapine , it helps calm sleep & hardly any anxiety , just go about my day as normal & no more panic attacks . All I would say is if you don’t feel right and your instinct is it’s not working and worse , making you feel incredibly jittery , unable to talk , settle , sleep , be sociable and feel like your head is exploding with stress go back to doctors it may not be the medication for you . No side effects with mertazapine , just eat healthy , have good appetite but makes me eat healthier as I’m so hungry I try to eat lots of fruit or healthy bowl of healthy cereal before bed . Good luck one and all xRead More Read Less
189: I sufferd panic attacks every aa meeting I went to for 3 years ! when the doctor put me on 20mg it took about 3 weeks and it works,bin on it for 8 years with 1 mg of lorazepam which I cut in half and 5mg of escitalopram last 3 years I feel like i'm on Holidays,wish I found it 30 years ago im 63 . :)
190: very helpful for OCD
191: I have been taking it for years!
192: Im a combat veteran, and have trace amount of anxiety and depression. I was given this as an alternative to self medication (alcohol). I started on 5mg, and moved to 10mg. It has been unbelievable. Every drug effects everyone different, but Id have to say its changed my life for the better. It really took the edge off, i feel happier and more pleasant to be around, and im not as hyper vigilant and anxious. I definitely enjoy going out again and being friendly. Sex drive was minimally effected, however appetite has increased so i would suggest finding healthy things to eat such as fruits and veggies. Overall very pleased with the results.Read More Read Less
193: Generic Lexapro. Teva brand from pharmacy. Had used brand name for years. switched to generic, found loss of effects, poor results, poor mood, very much more depressed. considering whether can afford to pay for name brand or will try a different generic or anti depressant.
194: I was on 90 mg. Paxil/day for 10 yrs. for MDD. It was effective, but only at that mega-dose. I tried to transition to Cymbalta which proved effective only at like mega-dosage so I reverted to Paxil.  A year ago I transitioned to Lexapro at 10 mg./day with great success.  The sexual side effects are GREATLY reduced.  My suicidal depression has not reared its head. The weltanschauung that makes me want life to be over is still there, but I accept it as existential, and tolerable, rather than as damning
195: This medication has changed my life.  It did not make me immune to emotions or turn me into a zombie.  It truly has help me to balance the anxiety and see things way more clear than I ever have before.  Wish I had discovered this years ago. Headache for about the first week and went away. No other side effects than that.
196: i have been taking this medicine for months and now i feel relieved from my major depressive disorder.
197: I started this medication a little more than 2 years ago.  It is not an instant relief, it takes about 4 weeks to build up in your system.  Once I started to adjust to this medicine, it allowed my brain a chance to process what was going before my emotional response took over.  It just gives me a chance to "mentally breath" before I react to what is happening.  This medicine has had a very positive impact on my well being and it has greatly helped with my ability to communicate better with the people around me.  My spouse says she is glad she got her husband back.  If you and your doctor decide that this medicine is something that you could try, give it enough time to work.  I like the way my brain processes things now and will stick with it.  I truly hope you find relief for the situation that you are facing.Read More Read Less
198: Worked moderately for depression and anxiety, by had a damaging effect on my sex life.
199: All it does is make me sleepy, told to take it in morning, however, my day to day activities were at a stand still, no desire to do anything, switched from wellbutrin 75 mg to cipralex 10mg - just feel lousy, no sex drive since 2004, hate this!
200: I have been on escitalopram before (for 18 months) for generalised anxiety, and unlike my first time, I did not hesitate to go back to it. When I first started taking it I had an upset tummy with diarrhoea and nausea. I was perspiring more and had a general increase in symptoms of anxiety, like trembling, restlessness, nervousness and rumination. I Have just started my third week and all of those have reduced considerably. It's as if a wave of clarity has washed over me and I can take things on one at a time as opposed to feeling like I was caught up in an Avalanche and careening down a mountain! I don't have severe depression (just anxiety), but my general mood and wellbeig has improved - I have my appetite back, I'm more motivated to complete those everyday tasks, I'm less fearful of my anxiety and I can concentrate better! In my experience (on both occasions), the anxiety increased dramatically in the first week of beginning the medication - to really give it a chance, you need to batten down the hatches and get through this time. Also, give yourself the best chance by exercising, eating well and engaging in meaningful activities. Best wishes on your journey! Read More Read Less
201: After my husband died a year ago I was ok for the first 3 months or so but then became more depressed as events and dates came up. My Dr recommend Lexapro and started me on 5 mg daily. I have had absolutely no side effects and I am coping much better with daily living. I have gained about 10 pounds over the year but I attribute that to the fact that I feel like eating now. I had lost about 15 pounds the first two months after he died eating nothing hardly.
202: My Dr. prescribed this medication for me at 10 mg a day. I only took it once and experienced high anxiety and had multiple panic attacks that day. I also experienced loss of appetite, sweating, increased heart rate. I have had panic attacks before, this was so severe I ended up at pompt care. This one dose took 3 days to get out of my system, very scary.
203: This "medication" is evil. It completely changed a family member's personality in a bad way! They went from a caring, calm, loving individual, to an aggressive monster. They began drinking alcohol, doing drugs, not caring about their education or career path. You would think that this sounds like depression itself! The thing is, they did not behave like this before taking the lexapro. The person became depressed because of a death in the family. They were behaving normally prior to taking the lexapro. The lexapro changed them! It was horrific to experience. Lexapro/escitlopram is THE WORST of the SSRIs
204: i feel better exceptfor the loss of sex drive
205: I am feeling a little vacant in my head, still able to function just fine, I have taken pills for almost 1 week.  Thanks
206: My VA doctor prescribed this medication to take it before I go to bed I been taking this medication for 3 days and it's making throw up sweat my ears get hot it feels horrible but it took my anxiety away but not my depression I gotta go back and let my doc know this medication ain't working out for me.
207: Starting the medication was hard and it has some rough side effects occasionally. I recommend taking it in the morning because it causes terribly vivid dreams. But it gets the job done. It is also very hard to come off of. I was taking it for 3 years. But it helped me a lot. You just gotta let it get used to your body and do your best to take it everyday around the same time.
208: I started taking this at the suggestion of my dr. due to severe anxiety, stress and fear over extreme marital and work issues.  I only take 5 mg and it was a God-send!  I no longer 'worry' and I'm not afraid.  It has helped me calm down and not become overwhelmed.  I don't cry a the drop of a hat any more.  I don't get anxious when faced with several crisis at once.  I do notice that I'm a little 'flat' and may seem disinterested or unemotional, but its more like severe calm.  I've been taking for 14 months.  The only down sides are: after six months I started gaining weight quickly... 15 lbs in three months; I have a hard time falling asleep now; I dont care for sex; and I have sweating episodes.  These could also all be thyroid issues due my age and menopause.  I am seeing my dr next week to confirm.  But overall, this medicine is worth the side affects...  Just because I don't get so upset and worried anymore.  I feel really happy and my normal self again.  Thank you!!!Read More Read Less
209: Been on it for 1 week, feel a lot better actually. I am still waking up in a panic for no reason, still have the insane churning in my stomach in the morning but I am able to better prepare for the day ahead now and I feel like my mind is racing a lot less. It is a wonderful feeling to want to actually leave my house. I enjoy the fact that I want to hang out with people and enjoy nature for once. I still get random panic attacks for no reason but I hope Xanax will help with that. Only side effect is a mild migraine-ish headache a few days, constipation maybe? not quite sure hasn't been long enough but one thing for sure is that I am so tired during the day and cant stop yawning. I feel like if I allow myself to fully submerge myself in a yawn, I might fall asleep/pass out Im not sure. But, I will stay tired if it allows me to function in the real world. Im sick of living in fear and this is one step helping me get towards that goal.Read More Read Less
210: I have BPD and severe mood disorder, not to mention depression, suicidal ideation and PMDD. After I tried Zoloft for more than 2 month, I still had unbearable nausea. Shrink stopped me on Zoloft and put me on this. I felt great in the first week without the uncontrollable crazy mood and nauseous feeling...just a bit of insomnia and huge lost interest in sex. OK with hubby as he doesn't want me to kill myself than just losing sex drive.
211: everything was fine with it but the only side effect i have been experiencing is excess sweat. other than that it has improved my emotions quite strongly. i have been on it for about a month.
212: I had been taking Lexapro for several years for depression when the this generic version came out. I have used other generics before with no problem, but my switch to escitalopram launched me into a severe depression within 2 days. I cried almost non-stop for five days, when I contacted my doc and switched back to non-generic. Within 2-3 days I was back to where I had been. For me, the difference was overwhelming. I have to pay the extra for name brand in this case.
