1: bad didnt work dont try
2: Gained 50 lbs!
3: Before this medication, I was have severe episodes and since I have been on abilify I have not had any.  It saved my marriage.
4: I have just started taking it
5: This is a better treatment for bipolar,  schizophrenia is more of an incureable disease. The mood stablizing that this drug offers is useful when becomeing used to the symptoms associated with schizophrenia...     It is not a cure all and there is no cure for something that is not caused by an chemical imbalance. However like I said it may ease the emotional symptoms, and cause weight gain etc.
6: I tried withdrawning from Abilify. I now have Tardive Dyskinesia.My jaw aches my mouth is moving side to side. I want to get off the Abilify due to 50lb weight gain. Hepl
7: stupid thoughts that go over and over in my head
8: I took this medication in conjunction with lexapro for schizoaffective disorder and it did a pretty good job controlling my symptoms but I developed a tremor in my hand and had to stop taking the medications.
9: Brain washing. Propaganda. Been taking ability for more then ten years. It starts off nice no more dreaming of nightmares less anxiety. Drooling in class. Less worries, failing grades less cares. Then the impulses start sneaking things. Gambling. Public nudity, J.k. but increased sexual desire. Then sleeping 16+ hours lack of motivation. Over eating. Still nicer then off the drug
10: I've been taking Abilify for almost 2 years and I've been living a normal life.
11: I have been using it for so many years with end result of no good result. Its not a good product
12: This medication was added to my lexapro, I just recently started taking it, Hoping it would help with anxiety attacks that my Dr. Feels are coming from stress. So far the attacks have been more bearable and my energy level is back up, crossing my fingers it continues to get better
13: i suffer from chronic schizophrinia i have been taking 30 mg of abilfy a day it helps relieve my symptons that i suffer from
14: This drug has a host of undesired serious side affects and can cause other symptoms for which doctors will prescribe additional meds. Beware. It is also possible symptoms this drug are prescribed to treat are caused by other meds. Use minimally. You may be better off without.
15: I’m just starting this in place of Prozac I was on for years. I also take cymbalta n I’ll continue with this new medicine. I’m a bit nervous so reviews are helpful. I hope this will work for my depression n suicidal thoughts ????
16: I spent 20 years looking for a drug to relieve my depression.. I tried several classes of antidepressants with no or minimal relief. I am currently taking bupropion and escitalopram with several other mood drugs. Once we added Abilify a great weight was lifted. I am able to function now, which I was not able to. I love it. I have little or no side effects.
17: I experienced some side effects in the first few weeks, however im glad i stuck it out. This drug has changed my life. I have loads of energy, ive actually lost weight due to my being able to exercise as my motivation has returned, and im happy. For the first time in my life I dont feel grey, I feel happy. At the minute im experiencing slight anxiety on them, which I am on other medication for, so I am waiting to see will it pass. overall I love this drug, Its not for everyone, it highly depends on the individual, but for me I am very happy. It has stopped my extreme lows and suicidal thoughts.Read More Read Less
18: has controlled my depression quite well along with other meds. cleared my thinking. gave me lots of energy without feeling manic.
19: My Doctor put me on Abilify to help kick in the Lexapro, after only 7 days i feel 100% better not quite where i want to be yet but a drastic improvement for me.Can't wait to see what the future holds!My advice to anyone just starting on antidepressants is dont give up the longsuffering is well worth it,Hang in there!!
20: The best medication I have ever been on for depression. It simply works. As soon as I started taking this medication, I no longer had the desire to stay up into the wee hours of the morning avoiding my life. I WANTED to go to sleep so I can tackle the next day. I have had a poor (night owl) sleep schedule for about 16 years. This medication fixed my sleep cycle in a week.

I'm more motivated, willing, challenging. I feel like my old self again. I highly recommend this medication for Major Depressive Disorder. It has helped with my OCD as well. After a recent bought of depression due to job loss, I increased my dose from 2mg to 3mg and I again notice an improvement. 10/10Read More Read Less
21: Abilify decreased all of my symptoms, both physical and mental when a host of other medications did nothing. I can now live without physical hallucinations and distorted thoughts. It took too long for this, I just wish it was affordable ($1200 for 3 months).
22: caused pacing and weight gain
23: This medication has left its mark. Not only do the problems it was to help with still exists now there is a myriad of side effects that are very serious and debilitating. I would be afraid for anyone who is entertaining it....not sure why FDA approved this Rx . I wouldn't suggest even for someone I didn't like.
24: I don't like how this drug makes me feel tired and sleepy. I have had minimal side effects. I found it to be somewhat helpful.
25: Being 10 miligrams prescribed along with 30 mill of mirtazipan after suffering a psychotic episode 2 years ago i still feel low daily and have no interest in taking part in every day life events. With some encouragement i can just about try and take part but reluctantly.
26: I have more energy and the voices & halucination have all but stopped, I feel like my old self for the first time in years,better than ECT
27: This drug worked well to control my moods and to reduce psychotic episodes w/hallucinations , however after a week or so on the drug i began having uncontrollable muscle spasms and could not sit in one spot for more than a few minutes at most,this was very frustrating because i could not control the urge to pace around all the time.
28: I used to take Sertraline, then Rispiridrone, and now Aripiprazole. im on a reletivly high dose for many different reasons but i will say it has worked wonders. im not comfortable sharing ALL my conditions, even on this site but i will say it has litterally saved my life .. highly recommend you ask your doctor about  this medication if you found this post while searching for guidance or help.
29: I'm an 18 year old female. I've been taking this medication for a couple weeks now to treat terrible social paranoia and my hypomania and depression cycles. I'm still not sure what condition I have but it's likely some sort of mood disorder. Aripiprazole doesn't make the paranoid thoughts go away but it does make them less anxiety inducing and easier to deal with. It's been a huge relief. I no longer dread going to school and being looked at and perceived by other people. It's made it easier to socialize and enjoy my friends' company again. I also happen to be autistic and it has made the irritability part of sensory overload subside however not the pain and exhaustion.

I tried taking it with CBD and CBG with it and that went horribly. It send me into my mood dysregulated state again and I had panic attacks over little things. I also kept shaking. I still take CBD to sleep at night but I don't recommend taking CBD when these meds are more active. Apparently CBD/CBG messes with the same serotonin transmitter that this medication effects
30: I started taking Abilfly noticed that i had a easier time taking after stopped taking Zyprexa to Seroquel first then started the Ablifly I had a lot of night terrors when trying to go right into the dosing from taking the Zyprexa
31: I was taking 5mg and I now have tremors in my hands and severe dizziness when my eyes are closed. I am looking for a replacement med.
32: I have major depressive disorder that was untreatable with SSRIs and SNRIs. I recently came off Effexor and onto Lamictal, which gave me the dreaded rash. My doctor then put me on Abilify and things have been pretty good ever since. I have no lows, and I no longer think of suicide at all. I am able to accomplish tasks in my daily life with out it being a laborious chore. I am sleepy on this medicine, but I can tell it’s slowly fading away. I take it with dinner and it helps me fall asleep. If I take it in the morning, I can’t drive safely, as it makes me drowsy. Any flying off the handle simply doesn’t happen on this drug- I am able to remain calm in most situations. Sometimes I wonder if it’s muting my emotions too much, but I don’t miss feeling uncontrollable. I also don’t miss work due to feel “ill” anymore. Overall, my mind is back to where it was when I was 17- crisp, clean, and normal. My emotions are much steadier and I am able to lead a far more normal life on this medication than on any SSRI. Somehow this was able to lift a soul crushing depression and the stiff neck/light nausea is the trade off. Also, I may have lost weight on this drug because it makes me slightly nauseous- where the Effexor made me gain 30 lbs! So I like this one, give it a try. Nothing scary about it for me, just calming
33: This medication has been a lifesaver.  After 15 years I was able to return to college, with an almost straight A grade point average.  I could have never done this on any other medication.
34: I'm taking 5mg of Abilify with 20 of Trintellex and I am depression free. It was like someone flipped a switch and turned my depression off. Now lets just hope it lasts.....
35: I took aripiprazole (Abilify) for nearly six months. This was one of the worst medications I've ever taken so far. It didn't help out with my autism one bit and I gained a lot of weight. Wouldn't recommend this medication to anyone!
36: brilliant medication, i have tried others but this is the best.  voices now down to a minimum which i can cope with.  thank you.  15mg per day.
37: My 55 year old father was recently taken off Respridol and put on Abilify. In two weeks time he has lost mobility. He complains of stiff muscles in his legs. He looks like hes ice skating when he's trying to walk, unable to pick up his feet. He's not sleeping and even though i have to hold him up to walk, he still has the urge to get up and walk around every 10-15 mins. It's scary and sad to see my father like this. His eyes that were once bright and twinkled now look dull, dead and aged. The slight change in his mood swings aren't worth all of the side effects!Read More Read Less
38: the voices have stopped but I have gained 30 pounds. :(
39: After 3 weeks I hadn't any side effects but one day I was driving and I became so drowsy, I could hardly keep my eyes open and ended up in a fender bender.  So I didn't like the side effects and what it caused in my life.
40: Works great but the weight gain has been too much. Looking to get a new medication.
41: DRUG HAS HAD SOME FAIR RESULTS BUT NOT MUCH HELP.i HAVE SIDE AFFECTS SUCH AS slIGHT DIAHRREA   DONT THINK IT  IS BLOOD. mY VESION HAS BEEN    AFECTED WHERE I SEE BETTER BUT NOT GREAT WITH MY OLD GLASSES.
42: Lexapro and lithium...added abilify 3 years ago...tuned everything right up...
43: raises my blood suger
44: schizophrenia
45: I was much happier, and motivate to go out and do things. Only prob was I was TOO motivated, it was like I had restless BODY syndrome. I may be the only person who had this reaction, but I broke out in huge hives all over my body. We couldn't figure out what it was until I quit taking Abilify. *If it hadn't been for the hives, I'd still be on it. The restless feeling was definitely worth the good moods.
46: After starting this medication I have more energy to want to do things.  Yes it makes me sleepy so I take it right after breakfast. I was dx of postibilty of  bipolar in 1992 and was never giving any meds, and now since I have had 26 months in Iraq serving my country THE USA( 3 tours ) and lable with PTSS Im now living a better life.
47: I have become my old self after useing Abilify. I feel os though I am back to normak, Very positive review of this medication.
48: At first the medication seemed to work, however the more I took the abilify my face would twitch,I would become confused,my muscles would lock and my heart would skip.I had heart problems already therefore, the abilify did not help. I LOATHED abilify.I have been switched since then however nothing is working.
49: I am type one bipolar with severe manic episodes and heavy on the psychotic features. I used to hear voices, see things, have delusions of grandeur, and be paranoid constantly. Aripiprazole has made me feel as if I’m cured. My manic episodes are very tame, I rarely have outbursts and do impulsive things. I rarely hallucinate or feel paranoid and I don’t have any delusions. In depressive episodes I feel as if I can actually function and I have the motivation to live finally. The only side effects I experienced were when I was first starting. It made me slightly nauseous on the first day, not even bad enough that taking anti-emetics would have been justified. It made me extremely tired but since I was taking it at night it helped so much with my insomnia. First anti-psychotic/mood stabilizer I have been on and it’s excellent. This medicine saved my life. 10000/10Read More Read Less
50: This medication has empowered me to travel, work and live symptom free!  I feel very lucky.
51: nice to not hear voices
52: Was on this drug for 3-4 weeks, caused black out  Dr. gave it to me for Anxiety. When i called Torrent the makers of it said it was NOT for Anxiety,  black out caused me to have car accident, life wont be the same    These pharmacuetical companies just want to push drugs NOT HELP YOU
53: Abilify worked wonders for me...unfortunately, I cannot afford it now and am no longer taking it
54: episodes of extreme paranoia with depression while at work and home. This medication at 20 mg has stabilized me greatly and allowed me to live a healthy and productive life.  My bi-polar disease is completely under control and this medication has me smiling again...
55: Ablify was added to my Zoloft approx. 2 months ago. It has been a god send as I have Major Depressive disorder re current. I know get up from bed and have more energy to interact with others. 10mg. of Ablify has done it. Please if you suffer from Major Depression unresolved from SSRI's ask your doctor about this med. I am not 100% but the mood is so much better I can not tell you.
56: NONE
57: It caused me to have manic episodes that were so bad, that I could not control my self from spending money.  I was only sleeping 3 to 4 hours a night
58: I haveused it for so many years with no good result
59: Ive taken this drug for about 2 years now.  After a long list of others this one works for me the best.  Voices down to a minimam and I can function in public without paranoia.  Makes me eat and sex drive is fine. I am currently takeing 15mg a day.
