1: Been taking for a few years and find it works very well for me.
2: first time I took the medication I took 20mg, I could not even get out of bed, I felt so weak and the doctor told me to take half well it was better,but now I'm having trouble breathing so overall this did'nt work for me.
3: I was okay with taking this drug, I took for 3 months. It stopped my severe anger and fits of rage. It even stopped my moments of crying.   However, I had no idea that stopping "cold turkey" was a problem, as my doctor didnt say anything about it. Stopping caused me severe dizzyness and headaches and hot/cold flashes, and it also made my body temperature change up & down like a yo-yo!! I dont know how long this will last but it is 4 days now and I cant stand the dizzyness anymore.  I am not sure what to do now, but maybe starting and staying on it is a good idea. I too have gained weight, I thought it was because I didnt feel like doing anything but sleeping
4: It seemed not to help with the breathing problems and I also had a major problem with swallowing.  It felt like I had a huge lump obstructing my throat.
5: Have had great results with this medication however did have side effects initially...jittery, dizzy, heart palpitations and nauseas.  I took zantac to help with the nauseas feeling and the other side effects subsided after a 2-3 days.
6: i find i have no energy
7: I have been taking Paxil Cr 12.5mg for about a year now.  At first I had a lot of the symptoms, uncontrolled yawning, dry mouth, loss of appetite.  It did a good job in controlling my panic attacks.  Now, after a year, my sex drive has diminished, I have less energy, and weight gain and I notice myself having more frequent panic attacks than when I first started using the medication.  I also experience insomnia from time to time, my doctor has prescribed me Lunesta for that, but I don't need it all the time.  I am going to talk to my doctor about increasing my doseage.  But for the most part it works pretty well.  I think that the side affects are easier to deal with than the panic attaks.    Read More Read Less
8: It has done nothing to relieve the viral ear infection that I have been experiencing.
9: Although everyone's tolerance is different, after being on this medication for a month, I didn't feel any difference in the way I felt. A month is a long time when you're trying to do the right thing to feel better.
10: This has been a wonder drug for me.  I have been using it on and off since graduating from college in 1994.  I am on 20mg, sometimes 40mg when I feel I need to be.  It has really surpressed my OCD!
11: I have taken this for about 2 months now and for the past 3 weeks straight I wake up soaked at night from night sweats.  I am only take 10 mg.  But it has helped my depression.  I tried to take 20 mg, but it put me to sleep all day.  10 mg makes me sleepy too, but I can manage it.
12: I started out with 40mg and am now down to 20mg.  It has helped me while I gain control of panic attacks.
13: I took Paxil about 8-10 years ago when I was having some major problems with my family life.  It took away my most of my interest in sex, but it made life so much easier to deal with.  I was sleepy, so I took the pills at night.  That helped.  I also gained weight that was difficult to get off once I stopped taking Paxil.  I'm going back on it this week--I've still got St. John's Wort in my system--and am hoping I can deal with the weight gain issue.  This time I've gone through too much sadness over the past 12-14 months.  It started with my uncle dying, followed by my mother, friends, aunts, and so many others.  Some days I just want to curl up and disapear.  I'm hoping Paxil will once again help.  I'll let you know what happens this time around.Read More Read Less
14: My PCP put me on Paxil 10mg daily when I was 17 because I told him that I sweat too much. I had underlying conditions - depression, fear of social interaction, OCD, & panic attacks that I didn't mention. It helped my social life - I started making friends very soon after - it decreased my inhibitions. It made me sleepy, foggy, forgetful, & I think dumber (lessened the OCD mentality that helped with schoolwork). Sex was good then but I was just starting to experience it - 10 years later it is very low. I've tried to get off Paxil a few times to regain my sex drive and intelligence but life always becomes too stressful for me and Paxil is my crutch. It seems like my social awkwardness and extreme shyness is coming back - maybe the dosage is becoming ineffective.  I don't want to increase the dose so maybe I'll wean myself off of it for a bit and then (maybe) return to it
15: Well, I have had anxiety now for about 3 years off/on, some times more than other times. I use to freak out a lot more, and get panic attacks for no reason! Now, I am a lot better and having been taking Xanex (which i love, i call them my happy pills, ha ha). But, my doctor wanted me to go in and talk with him about it, and let him know what was up! He wanted me to try this medicine, and I knew it wouldnt work but I tried it because he wanted me to..Today I tried it, and it was the worst day of my life! I felt nauseasus, headache, anxiety, loss of appetite, horrible feeling all day. I couldnt even go to work, I do not recommend this medication for anyone! And if you do take it, take with caution because I hated it!! Im calling the doctor first thing in the morning..Read More Read Less
16: I used to panic when going to a public place like a supermarket or the mall.  Since taking this, I am no longer feeling like this the only thing now is that my blood pressure is up.  So I take benezepril along with it.  Every time I go to the doctor, my blood pressure is high.  I take it before at home and it's fine.  So I still have the white coat syndrome and cannot figure out how to deal with it.
17: It has helped with my depression and bouts of rage and panic attacks. I was sick for about 1 week when i first started taking it but after that it was great!
18: Taking Paxil for eight years to combat anxiety. Works well. Was also taking Zyprexa but have weaned myself off because of weight gain and high cholesterol.
19: I have been using different medicat For hot flashes and this is by far the best!!
20: Doesn't seem to be working very well. Take for anxiety. This was prescribed by previous doctor.
21: Been on it for 3 months. First month was great, then the body pain started to be unbareable And the worse part was my sex life. I became the Energiser Bunny, my wife likes it but I can't " finnish". After reading all of your comments I wish I never started this drug. Im affraid to stop because of the withdrawls
22: I started out several years ago taking Effexor XR for depression.  It worked but didn't seem to work enough, so I switched to Wellbutrin.  That didn't do much for me, so I switched to Paroxetine 10 mg.  That worked just a bit, but I didn't feel back to myself yet, so the doctor upped it to 20 mg then 40 mg is what I'm on now.  Although, I do feel more able to deal with reality and not fly off the handle like I used to, I also feel like I'm gaining too much weight by being on it.  I still don't feel like I have enough energy like I used to.  But the weight situation is bothering me so I've started taking myself off of the meds to see if the weight comes off and if I can feel good about things again.  It's a trial and error thing but I know I'll have to come off it slowly and not all at once.  Thats why some people feel dizzy, fuzzy headed and such, because you're coming off too fast
23: I have been on this drug for about 9 years.  I was having panic attacks at night several times each week.  After starting the 20 mg. pills I had one panic attack in the first few weeks but no others until I had major surgery two years ago.  I had one panic attack a few days after surgery but that is fairly common after anesthesia too.  I experience extreme fatigue and inability to climax for about six months but those symptoms went away after that.
24: I have been taking (Paroxetine) for nearly 2 years. First had issues adjusting to the medication. Found it helped me deal with everyday issues. Just recently dicussed with my dr. wanted to discontinue taking. I will note I have experienced side effects trying to stop taking it.  Not bad effects headaches, fuzzy head and trouble sleeping
25: Instead of a low-dose Ativan previously prescribed by my oncologist, something which I had ZERO side-effects from, my GP decided I shouldn't be taking it any more. After a week of taking 10mg of Paroxetin at bedtime, I told him I was having mild side-effects which were similar to the severe reaction I had to Prozac, so he recommended the "extended release" of Paroxetin 12.5mg instead. Overall, I've been taking this product less than a month now, and I've determined it to be the reason I am constantly in a FOGGY state of mind. I feel like I could stay in bed all day, my head feels pressurized, AND, my eyes & face are puffy.  It's Sunday so doc and pharmacy aren't open, but, I'm going to take my chances (hope not to have 'withdrawl' symptoms too)...  I'm taking myself off of this, starting today!Read More Read Less
26: I find paxil has loosened my tongue with an occasional rage problem. I no longer have panic attacks and have learned to live with the drug as the panic attacks are the most horrendous thing to deal with. It is hard for those who have never had an attack to understand the fear that exists with an attack. So anything is better than that experience. This drug could use some fine tuning but it has helped me live a more normal life. Without it would be hard to imagine.
27: no side effects no real effects at all unless I stop taking it
28: I wa taking 10mg of Lisinipril foor anxiety which wasn't working so my Dr. prescribed 20mg Paroxetine. For the first 2-3 weeks I had such sever dizziness I had to leave my shopping cart in the store and walk very fast to my vehicle. Also experienced tingling, sweating,and palpatations.After 3 weeks I noticed a big change, but still have anxiety at times. This medication does make you very tired but it is working well for me so far.
29: troublesleeping,musclepain,shoulders,arms,legs,feet
30: I don't know if it is this medication, but my joints hurt so bad and it takes me a while to stand up after i have been sitting or when I get out of bed
31: leaving this tablet after three months,I feel dezziness, sleep disorder and change in mode
32: I went from 20 to 40mg after about 9 months. Not sure if my condition worsened or my brain got use to the 20. Haven't really noticed any weight gain though it is difficult to lose weight. I do notice that when I run out or don't take it, my mood and character are seriously overwhelmed. I used to be on Zoloft and Celexa at the same time so having to go from 2 pills to 1 and manage my meds and refills is a lot easier.
33: This is horrible. The side effects are worse than what i already have. Im twitching, cant sleep, have diarrhea,blurred vision, everything is going wrong. Im yawning more than id like. Be careful with this medicine.
34: I have been on paroxetine for a little over a year.I have suffered extreme depression since I was a teenager.This medication has helped to a degree but I was expecting better results.Its hard for me to sleep.I still have mood swings and I have depressive thoughts,although not as severe, so I can't really say I am extremely satisfied with it.Because of my mood swings I have lost friends who ultimately said I was crazy.They don't know that I am on medication,but I also don't know if the medication is the cause of it.Read More Read Less
35: Hourly hot flashes have dwindled to half a dozen a day. A bit sleepy in the evening earlier than usual, but a welcome time to relax. Dry mouth, so drinking more water! Noticeable weight loss due to lack of appetite...also a plus. More energy in the morning, so more productive. Only taking 10 mg for the past 3 months.
36: Have been on 20mg for about 2 months, this drug has significantly reduced my OCD, mood is much more stable, only side effect is sex drive is lower, slight wt gain - not bad enough to stop taking - would work on depression at a higher dose.
37: I was prescribed Paroxetine in August 2007 for depression and have been very satisfied with the results.  Granted, Paroxetine does not make my issues disappear, rather, stabilizes my mood swings to help me cope with my problems.  I feel a lot better and happier with myself, eat better, sleep soundly and am trying new activities that were once just to hard to deal with.
38: I have only one comment.  I have always been a person that you might say is hyperactive.  I am a caregiver for my wife who has Alzheimer's and my blood pressure has been running quite high.  My doctor prescribed this medicine telling me it take one 20 mg tablet a day.  I am fatigued very easily now and can sleep longer than I want to sometimes.  Does this medication cause fatigue?
39: Has reduced my hot flashes from every hour to about 3x per day. Best treatment I've tried and it also stabilizes my mood.
40: i was on paxil cr and klonopin together and di very well for years. i eventually got off paxil but stayed on klonopin.    here it is 5 years later and i am back on 10mg of paxil(generic) of 3 days and 1.5mg of klonopin.      i felt pretty good but somewhat foggy , with headache and tiredness first 2 days back on paxil. but today i had some troubles. is this common???   i came off zoloft 25mg and strait onto 10mg of paxil 2 days ago.  now today i had some sweaty palms, alot of yawning, some staring or like a out in left field feeling??   just wanted to know did the paxil finally get in my system in place of the zoloft after 3 days or whats up????  also whats the difference between paxil cr and generic paxil. my dr. gave me paxil cr but insurance would not cover it. so i was wondering what the difference is if anybody knows.    i hope somebody can give me some advice, since this is my 2nd time taking paxil, i really dont remember that far back what effects it had on me early into starting it.    thanks djRead More Read Less
41: Who do you come off of it
42: I took 20mg paroxetine for about 2 months for anxiety, anger/frustration, and depression.  It took a while to get used to but after a couple weeks it started helping a lot. Now that I stopped I am experiencing withdrawals.  They started on the third day and are still going on the fifth day.  I am dizzy and not sleeping well.  I have also had nightmares.
43: I took this medication to stop panic attacks. It worked very well but it was very hard to come off of! I recommend people take a good look at the side effects before taking this drug!
44: Had very resistant depression 20 some years ago which required a series of ECT's to finally pull me out of it.  Been fine til about 6 months ago.  Have tried different meds since then.  Been on paroxetine for 6 weeks at 20 mg with approximately 70% resolution of symptoms.  Just upped to 40 mg. today to try to reach 100% resolution.  I have experienced absolutely zero side effects! This medication has saved my life in a least intrusive way.  It has brought my smile back!
45: I was on this drug for about 10 days and I was only able to sleep for three hours before experiencing severe muscle cramps in my legs. I had to get up to walk them off and then got bad muscle spasms in my back. Begged the doctor to take me off.
46: I started taking it 10 years ago & have just come off it. I was on 40mg a day most of the 10 yrs. I went for 3 months on 20 mg then attempted a switch to 20mg citolopram which is supposed to do the same thing  (serotonin reuptake inhibitor (SSRI) )  My 1st week of being off paroxetine totally  I experienced intense panic & disorientation ie a feeling I was losing my grip on reality - like a moment on the edge sanity. I hoped this was being caused by a simple lack of SSRI & the new pill increasing the SSRI would diminish it. But after 5 weeks of taking the new SSRI citopram I feel this effect of losing a grip on reality increasing. I feel the paroxetine did something to my brain & Im not happy. I never had these problems before I became dependent on SSRIsRead More Read Less
47: the way it wirks for me is not good/
48: I was prescribed for anxiety and find Neurotin to be VERY EFFECTIVE FOR FIBROMYALGIA PAIN as well. Neurotin is the most effective mood stabilizer I have ever taken
49: paxil has been a like saver for me. 7 months ago, i couldnt even go outside without having a panic attack. Today my life is much better.
50: I'm 24, started college 6 months ago. been taking adderall to focus at work for 10 months. Adderall triggered my slight anxiety, but helping significantly with my focus, so did not want to get off of it. I would have crazy mood swings,1 week before my period, very depressed. I have always been worried, worry about everything, I can never sleep becuase I am always worried. Adderall also ignited a social anxiety, which was never an issue before. This medication 20MG, after 1 month I feel amazaing. No PMS, I sleep, I can leave problems at work, at home, whereever. Adderall helps me focus, and Peroxitine helps me stay happy, and no anxiety. If I miss a dose, I feel like a complete slug
51: This drug has virtually elimated my severe and presistent anxiety. Although it does cause a loss in male sexual prowness, it is something I can live with. I do look forward to a time when I can get off the drug, for now, it is a godsend.
52: I went on it for anxiety and panic attacks.  I was depressed at the time too.  It worked well for a while, but as I increased dosages I had a great deal of trouble staying awake.  It was so much of a problem that it interfered with my ability to do my job.  It may have had something to do with Nortryptelene which I was taking for the neuralgia caused by shingles.  I had only minor problems going off it compared to some that I talked to.
53: I have taken paxil for 7 years (30 mg). While I was on it, I felt great. When I decided to quit, my doctor told me to wean myself off over a 2 week period. I actually took more (1 month) and thought I was doing fine. The torture started 2 weeks after being completely off. Dizzy spells, nausea, extremely dry skin mostly on the head, vivid dreams, little sleep because of pain in my legs etc... the dizziness and nausea went on for about month, the pain in the legs is still there at night, just not as severe and of course the depression set back in. That was 4 years ago. Now I'm afraid to try anything else. Certainly not going back on Paxil.Read More Read Less
54: So far I have had good results with taking this medication. My moods seem to be a little better I think lol I would like to ask everyone that is doing reviews or reading this.....Has weight gain been a problem for you on this medication? I quit smoking about 3 months ago (about the time I started taking this medication) so I am not sure which is causing the weight problems I am having. I hate to give up on this and go to a different drug because of the weight issue but on the flip side I know being overweight is just about as unhealthy as being depressed all the time. Please if anyone has any cooments or suggestions e~mail me. I would love to hear other peoples thoughts on the weight issue. Thank you in advance!Read More Read Less
55: I turned 66 last year so I no longer qualify for Medicade and Medicare does not cover paxil so I was taken off something that agrees with me, to paxil cr, which does not work nearly as well. I had a life on paxil but barely eek by on this crap thanks America and our good ol health care system
56: I took it for about 3 days and had severe vomiting so the doctor put me on a different medication. I also went a little crazy.
57: after 4 weeks a was a new man, I find myself extremely out going now
58: i started taking this for the stress i experience as a young mom of 3 and for undiagnosed panic/sweating spurts that i experience.  i can definitely tell that i'm much more calm and relaxed after taking it.  the only problem is if i run out of it or forget it to take it for like 3 days, my body has these strange electrical zaps from the withdrawals.  it is a horrible uncomfortable feeling.  like jolts of electricity is what it feels like.  so make sure you get your refill in time!
59: Before i started Paroxetine i was having really bad anxiety attacks, it got that bad that i didn't want to leave my house. I went to my doctor and she suggested paroxetine. The side effects were not that great but after 1 week i started to feel much better.
60: tinnitis
61: The generic brand made by Apotex works great ! The other generic made by ZYDUS caused me horrible, vivid, violent nightmares where I would wake up in a sweat. It also caused severe fatigue and suicidal thoughts.  This brand is dangerous !  I was just told today that Apotex is no longer available. Called my Dr. for advice. I have been taking Paxil 20mg generic for 8 yrs and have had no serious side effects, except, lack of sex drive. It keeps me sane with no anxiety.
62: I have been taking this medication for many years and have had the dosage increased but it is no longer working; I am now having anxiety episodes as well.
63: my depression lifted.
64: Good medication! I take 50 mg's a day currently. Calms me way down and I have a lot less anxiety. Also helps with OCD a lot!
65: Got blurry vision within two days and then stopped it. The withdrawls after only two doses were extreme.  If you have bad effects ween off of it over a couple of days.
66: I went on this med a couple of years ago due to overall anxiety levels increasing.  The dosage was 20mG.  It was the second drug tried, the first being Zoloft which I had a severe negative reaction to.  This drug worked well and after an incident that really impacted my anxiety my dose was increased to 40 mG for a period of time.  Eventually I was able to go back to 20mG for a long time.  I am now in a period where I am trying to go off of this drug.  At first, I dropped from 20 mG to 10 mG.  This may have been too big of a jump.  I experienced extreme dizziness that lasted for about 10 days.  My next decrease I went from 10 mG to 5 mG.  I still had a lot of dizziness and it still lasted about 10 days.  I am currently at 5 mG and getting ready to do my next decrease.  I am unsure if I will try to go to every other day of 5 mG or just try to stop cold turkey.  If you are decreasing dosage I would recommend finding a stretch of time where you don't have much going on due to these side effects.  From what I have looked up, mine are actually milder than many other people have reported.  I decided to go off of this drug because I was experiencing extreme fatigue and have gained a lot of weight and wanted to see if it was impacting these.  Since decreasing dosage I have noticed much more energy.  I would still recommend it because it helped me through a period of extreme anxiety, but it does look like it may have been contributing to my extreme fatigue.  While I am excited to go completely off of this drug I would use it again if my anxiety ever returned to such high levels.  Read More Read Less
67: This medication takes a few weeks to start helping with anxiety.  I have been taking this medication for over 5 years now.  It has completely rid me of all anxiety which is great! I do suffer from some of the side effects of the medication, muscle spasms (occasionally) and low sex drive. This is a daily dose medication.  I have missed taking it on occasion usually for only one day which is fine.  You usually will not feel any different.  However on occasion I have missed taking it for two days.  On the second day you start to feel very dizzy and your body starts to tingle.  Its hard to concentrate on anything. It is very important not to miss taking this medication daily.  There are definetly withdrawl symptoms!Read More Read Less
68: it has helped my depression tremendously
69: It makes my severe anxiety go away but dampens my enthusiasm for life and the sharpness necessary to get through the work day. I keep getting off of it for that reason then my mental storms return then I’m on it again. I wish I could enjoy the mental calmness it brings without the guilt of incompetence.
70: I feel the medication is doing its job. I think its time to come off it. I am extremely concerned with long term affects of withdrawal and physical damage. I take other meds: fluvoxamine, geodon, 4 mg. of klonopin. I have (or had) depression, bipolar, manic, anxiety and heart palpitions. I've been off Tegretal XR (bipo) for two weeks and doing well.  From the medication (maybe Paroxetine oral 30 mg.) I might be getting light headed. tingling, and "zaps to my head. Anyone having trouble getting off of Paroxetine? what are you experiencing? Thanks for the input.Read More Read Less
71: Since being on this mediction i think i'm begining to not sleep as well. Also i was wondering why i wanted to eat so much. So i guess it's this medication. I just feel so hungrey at times that if i don't get some food i will go crazy.I take 30 mg of it. Has anyone else expericene this before while on this med. ?
72: dizziness upon discontinuing
73: Been on Paxil since 2002.  For my anxiety, it's been awesome.  I stopped being afraid of stupid things like dogs and matches (which isn't what I was prescribed it for though).  I started being able to go back to school (I became scared of leaving my house before I went on this).  So for my anxiety, it's been great.  This has done very little for my depression though.  Never has, no matter what dosage I was on (started at 20, went to 30, now at 40mg).  It's also starting to seem not to work very well anymore.  After 9 years, it may be time to try something new.  No side effects except when I forget a dose (dizziness, weird shock feelings in my head).Read More Read Less
74: its great but not the first few days but after a few days you start feeling like yourself again if you have it really bad it would take time but it will work for sure if you stay on it
75: I only started taking it yesterday.
76: its causes very very dry mouth
77: Helped with the anxiety, but hard to get off of.  I was only on 30 mg, reduced to 20, now I am getting light headed and feeling "brain zaps".
78: I yawn alot. My body is usually shaky taking it with my ADHD medicine. I don't think It's helping.. But I just started it.
79: It is cheaper than Paxil name brand, and works just as well for me.
80: I have been taking this for about a year.  Latley I have been getting really bad mood swings and anxiety attacks.  My doctor was going to switch me to effexer.  I read up on it, but decided that would be a bad move.  I decided to wean myself off of this instead.  I am trying to take the medicine every 2 days.  Today is day 2 and it's going horrible!!!  I am having really bad withdrawls, mood swings, anxiety attacks, and i'm really tired.  I don't really recommend this to anybody.
81: It works fairly well, although I have put on weight and am much more tired than I used to be.  I started shaking a bit as well.      If I forget to take the medicine for a couple days in a row, i break out into a fever and shake a lot.  I guess it's very difficult to come off.
82: This medicine has been great for me. It took a while for it to work, but once it did it helped my anxiety. I haven’t had a major panic attack since taking this medicine.
83: I was having mood swings very often and a short fuse.Everything and everyone bothered me. After taking Paxil things didn't seem to bother me as much. I've been on Paxil for several yeaes. just every now and then I still let things bother me and I feel blue.
84: took Paxil for 25 yrs, worked fine. I've had a lot of problems since using paroxetine just with it not working
85: I’ve been taking paroxetine fir 16 years it worked great but my pharmacy changed brands ti was given aurobindo I had the worst month went back to pharmacy and started on nylon has anyone please had experience with either one of these pills I still feel crappie taking my lab for a week now, thank you I’ll really appreciate your input I’m so depressed with no hope
86: I want to ask if anyone has had sever skin reactions? One month ago, my chest area got severely itchy, with tiny hard bubbles, all over. Went to see a dermatologist. He put me on a special cream from a Singaporean company. Has not been effective.  2 days ago, my face broke out - one side puffy and enlarged, feels like its burning and itchy. Background: Danish born, living in Thailand. Diagnosed with Bipolar & anxiety attacks. 60 years ago. approx. 25 years ago, I was prescribed a combination of Seroxat 40 to 60 mg daily combined with Lamictal, by a Thai psychiatrist.   Read More Read Less
87: Been taking 12.5mg ER since November of 2018. Still have panic attacks but they are infrequent and significantly less intense. The medication does make me sleepy but not to the point of being unable to function.
88: Very satisfied with Paroxetine. I take 20 mg daily since June 2018. Few side effects during the first couple of weeks, then after 6 weeks, the medication fully kicked in and it was a life-changer. No more panic attacks and anxiety, and most importantly no more endless overthinking.
89: 60mg per day has effectively controlled my severe depression for 18 years.  Several times I have ceased taking the medication (inadvisedly) and suicidal depression has returned within a month.  I now accept that I need to remain medicated.  For anyone who wishes to stop taking this medication - don't stop suddenly! Reduce your dose gradually over a period of weeks to avoid withdrawal symptoms. And advise your doctor.
90: I took 20mg for 4 days. It was awful. Headaches and nausea. Rang GP and asked to stop. The following 6 days have been the worst in my life. Extreme nausea, cant sleep, feeling like i cant breathe properly, diorreah, crying, severe anxiety. Its the worst withdrawal i have ever experienced. I spent days just constantly pacing around. I wish i had never taken this med.
91: Every time I take this I get very sick.  My stomach feels like someone pulled it out and twisted it up and stomped on it.  My head doesn't feel much better.
92: I have been on this medication for 19 years and up until now I have been very satisfied with how it work for my mood swings and my husbands happy too.However recently I have had titinits from it that is really bothersome and don't know what to do.
93: Is anyone having skin issues with taking this medication?
94: this drug saved my life
95: i have been on this med for 10 yrs i am taking 40 mg a day i have found it useless if you forget to take them you become realy ill you still have bad thoughts and the rest
96: when missing a dose ,,then u get all light headed and dizzy,,i get confused,sad i hate the feelings
97: certainly slows premature ajaculation
98: I seem to be more depressed than while I was on Lexapro.
99: I have taken this medication for a little over a year now and have had great success. My symptoms are now much more under control and I have not had any serious side effects. The only problem I have had is mild to moderate nausea upon beginning this medication and increasing dosages.
100: I am taking paroxetine and some of the side effects are sexual side effects that i have read about there are also other drugs such as ativan that i used to take i feel that i am depresssed in some form  i do experience nervousness not relaxed my weight up and down wheni am stressed and i do habe digestive problems is there a certain time you have to be on this paroxetine to feel better.  i was on 10 milligrams but i was experiencing stresss and anxiety so i wen to the 20 milligrams there has got to be a medication that will relax you and calm the anxiety and stress that you feel to get back to the person you should beRead More Read Less
101: I was on this medication for 2 days and on the 2nd day I felt horrible. I had what felt like a major migraine headache and extreme tiredness. I wasn't able to be very productive, just pretty much stayed in bed. I drank a bunch of water to get it out of my system.
102: Have been taking paroxetine regularly for 25 years has been a life saver. Have few times to try and wean off them but have realised with help of medical professionals that without them I will suffer extreme bouts of anxiety and sometimes depression. Have occasionally once or twice had to increase dosage but I am very stable on a maintenance dose of 20mg.
I am now 61 years of age and I am in excellent mental and physical health.
103: I can't really tell the difference, but those around me say I have a better attitude.
104: just starting
105: This worked pretty good for me but after reading withdrawl problems I decided to bring myself of it. I was on 40mg daily went to 20 for a few days and then just quit. Been off a week. Other than pretty good headache and dizziness not real bad. I would only recommend this for a short term treament as withdrawls look terrible so buyer beware!!
106: This was effective for mild-medium depression (20 mg), but the dizziness side effect was nasty. If I missed a day or two, I would get so dizzy that I could barely function. I quit the medicine cold turkey once and got terrible withdrawal, which included extreme dizziness, fever-like symptoms, and extreme depressions.    I switched to fluoxetine (Prozac), which has a significantly longer life in your body, and the dizziness is almost negligible.    If you are having dizziness issues with paroxetine, switching to another medication will help.  Read More Read Less
107: The medication has been very effective. I am wanting to know if it will cause problems with the nerves in the penis?
108: I felt it helped with my overall levels of anxiety for a little while (never really felt it helped with the OCD) but soon stopped working at all. I took it for about a year, the last few months slowly tapering off (3/4 a pill for two weeks, 1/2 a pill for two weeks, 1/4 a pill for two weeks) but even with my efforts and I horrible symptoms once I game off it. The second day of no pills I started to get lightheaded and dizzy and it only got worse. It was so bad I was vomiting for a whole day, couldn't keep anything down. After the fifth day off I started to feel somewhat better, I could go to work again. I never post reviews but wanted to with this just to give potentials users a head up. For me it didn't work, it may for you, but expect a good week of misery once you get off them. I am now planning on trying exposure and response prevention (cognitive behavioral therapy) for my OCD, I'm hoping that will help better than Paroxetine HCL.Read More Read Less
109: I'taking it for morethan 10 years, and it effects are always the same
110: Have constipation,nause,and dizziness since taking drug..
111: no help  easy to use  not satisfied
112: i have been taken this for 4 years and stil have panic on and off
113: This med has helped decrease the number of anxiety attacks, however through all of the SSRIS I have tried, they have all caused urinary problems, such as bladder pain and frequency, Has this happened to anyone else? Im thinking of trying Wellbutrin, any suggestions?
114: my head feels like it it floating i keep runing in to the walls
115: very helpful Little or no side effects
116: Been using it for years; so far it has been effective. Want to check side effects, tho.
117: I didn't care for it. Had weight gain with it, and dizziness if I missed pills. my husband also takes it and gets indegestion shortly after taking the pill. Doctor switch me too Fluoxetine just started it.
118: now depressed
119: It does not seem strong enough.
120: I am on anti-epileptic meds too that complicate the situation and have tried numerous other anti-depressive meds and non really are effective due to adverse affects to seizure control.
121: it helped me stop flashbacks and my mind racing...other medications caused more depression and feeling drugged.
122: I dont see any problems with this medication so far, but I can see how it would become habit-forming.  The feeling kinda reminds me of taking Adderrall as a teen through effects of very high speedy energy.  Careful with this one people.
123: IT HAS WORKED GREAT FOR ME FOR PANIC ATTACHES
124: I have been on this medication for right around a year now I guess, started at 20mg, went to 40mg and still no difference. The only effect this drug had on me was it made me very very sleepy. It did not help with depression or my mood/anger. I talked to my Dr and decided to go off medication completely (as I seemed to be better before I went on the meds) and ever since then (it has been about 2 months trying to get off it)I am living in hell. I am now down to 10mg every 4 days, and about day 3 my heart begins to flutter and beat repidly, I get very very dizzy every time I move at all, and my lips go numb and tingly (like foot falling asleep). I would not ever consider another drug of this kind due to the horrible time I am having with this. I just hope I can get off it and feel normal again...the sooner the better
125: I have been on 20mg for 2 months now. Overall I am very happy with it. I have had some weight gain. But I was severly depressed to the point of not even getting out of the bed...so I can deal with a few extra pounds. Also I do have days where I have no energy...but its not that often.
126: Started taking this is 2004. The thought of taking it made my attacks worse. Until I accepted the fact that I had to take it, it made the attacks lessen. I took it while I was pregnant. That was a big issue for me considering all the hype on the media. My doctor made a very good point..... Not take it, stop eating, drinking, taking care of myself and risk unknown problems with my baby. Take the medicine and risk the known problems. My baby turns 3 today. He was born healthy with no problems or side effects. The only side effect I have is the weight gain. I was tired to begin with but that went away with use over time. Still have attacks on occasion but they are very manageable.Read More Read Less
127: took it waited for something to happen ,the bottle near full sits in the basement  ? take it for what  ?
128: Disruptive thoughts and flashbacks.  W/paxil disruptive thoughts not as freqeunt.  W/paxil ejaculation problems.  My diagnose was that the sensitive areas had changed and  I was not always going to ejaculate.  Solution was relax and do not strain as ejaculation approaches.  If it passes continue.  If partner needs to stop, try try again.  After about three missed ejaculations I had multiple orgasims that were very intense.
129: Presented with panick attacks,night sweats,depression,etc. Needed clonazpam 1mg and Paraxotine 20 mg. increased to 30mg, Depression lifted after a few months. Increased activity levels, better mood stabilization.- Have not needed any Colonazepam for the last two months. Reduced Par. Hcl to 20mg. now 10mg. over the last three months. My experience- Do not try eliminating the par.hcl to quickly. Side effects have been some occassional dizziness,blood pressure seems a bit higher,weight gain small- may be just a result of feeling better(more dinners out etc.)Have much more energy,enthusiasm etc. This after all those side effects associated with depression. I have gone from curled up on a ball on the couch to enjoying each day. It will happen!!! Give it time.Read More Read Less
130: I've only been taking it for about 2 weeks  I do feel it has helped me tremendously with my depression I'm taking 20mg I do feel tired and I have the nightly sweats other users have reported but that would not keep me from taking it. I hope I'll just needed for a short time.
131: can make normal hair fall out' had to stop, hair still shedding and I'm not the only one .In fact a lawsuit is in order'
132: I noticed a positive effect the first week I started the treatment (at age 30). The relief was almost overwhelming. I hadn't felt like that since I was a kid. With continued treatment, I lost some of my inhibitions, but I was extremely inhibited, so that's mostly good. One of the first things I noticed was that I wasn't so worried about deadlines anymore, which is kind of not a good thing, but I'm still employed. It became MUCH easier to make decisions, too, without so much cross-talk in my head. I did get tired taking it, so switched to taking it at night. Also, due to lower inhibitions, got addicted to nicotine gum because it energized me. That is something I NEVER would have done before paxil. I'm on a steady dose 14mg nictotine patch now, and it actually works pretty well for me in combination with paxil. Kind of a bummer to be so dependent on two drugs. But I'm actually still living and enjoying it! So, I can't complain. I've been on it 14 years now, never had to increase the dose. A milder form of my old problems can still recur under stress, but it's always temporary. I'm worried about long term effects. If I drink more than 2 drinks, and then take a paxil (I take it at night), I feel like I might die if I fall asleep, and I feel odd the next morning in a way that's different than a normal hangover. I guess that's a good way to keep my consumption in check! Though if I must drink more (social occasion), I'll skip the paxil for a night, and that helps. It's all worth it though for me. I'm still shy, but at least I don't clam up and freeze in groups of people anymore. I can actually talk to more than one person at a time even. And I don't jelly over in a grief I can't define properly. And a lot of other things. All in all, I give this drug a thumbs up. I am a bit peeved that it's advertised as being non-addictive, though.Read More Read Less
133: Medication has effectively controlled intense panic attacks that always appeared without warning. Went from starter dose of 10mg to 20 mg. No longer have to rely on Alprazolam.
134: This drug helped me in narcolepsy, excessive daytime sleepiness. It is now under control.
135: this was prescribed about five years ago and has been very effective in controlling premature ejaculation. additionally, the drug has helped with my calmness and general feeling of well being.
136: I've been on Paroxetine for 12 months.  It has worked well for me at 30mg for most of the time.  Positive effects: I got my life back within a few days.  Within two months I was 'me' again.  Side effects: loss in sex drive, inability to be satiated at mealtime (weight gain), over-heating (especially after exercise), occasional stuttering or loss-of-words, problems urinating (when tired), & twitchy muscles (when tired).  Believe it or not, all of this has been a piece of cake compared to the nightmarish anxiety I was living with 24/7 for years.    I'm now on 40mg.  The last two months (out of 12 on the drug) I have been having weird dizzy spells, like I'm being shocked.  I switched to decaf coffee, I talked to the doc, I've experimented with nutrition (high, moderate, vs. low carb intake, etc).  Nothing is working.  These dizzy spells drive me nuts, much more than the other symptoms.  I'm going to ask the doc to begin taking me off the drug, though she wants to keep me on for another 6 months.  The dizziness, although not painful or nauseating, is simply jarring.  Also, my driving-anxiety has resurfaced (only when others are driving), but no other anxiety symptoms (like cyclic thinking or social phobia, etc) have resurged.  It's been a nice year.Read More Read Less
137: Although it helped me in the beginning, the anxiety from gaining over 60 lbs outweighed the benefits.
138: I used the medicine for 1 year, I learned new techniques to deal with my anxiety. It helped me get through an extremely difficult time in my life!!
139: OK but very hard to stop after long term use due to bad side effects. I get very frightened by the symptoms at times.
140: This has really worked for me.  I want to get off of this and do something natural. I have taken myself off, and the side effects have been horrible.  Please make a natural recommendation.
141: i have been using paroxetine Hcl oral and my daughter likes to steal my pain medication can these be in anyway harmful to her?
142: Before taking the drug, I had extreme difficulty interacting socially to the point where I wouldn't walk to the letterbox or answer the telephone. Even family gatherings were a nightmare. Now I feel like a normal person. I go shopping on my own an enjoy social activities. I still find it difficult to answer the phone & I do have my scary days but I'm a completely different person.
143: High anxiety, mood swings and bitterness.
144: it worked well
145: this medication was prescribed to me back in 1999. and i have since been feeling alot better in fact i started feeling a difference within a week after starting this. this has been a wonder drug for me.
146: This medication helped relieve my headaches, but it made me completely lethargic.  I just want to sleep all of the time.  After not taking it for 4 days, I am very naseaus.  The night sweats have not gone away.  The brain zaps are really starting to worry me.  All in all, I'm sick of this medicine.
147: I was started on Paroxetine recently after being treated on Citilapram which was not effective.  I have found that Paroxetine  has really improved my mood. There are side effects though which is a down side. It is the only antidepressant that has worked since taking Venlafaxine.  I had to come off that last year due to severe side effects.
148: I have been more cheerful and resting more, but that in it self is a little problem. I want to do nothing but sleep when I have any free time. I know that maybe I should take vitamins and that should help with my energy levels , but so far so good I will say it has helped me from feeling like I was on a emotional rollercoaster and that in it self is the best thing that could have happened for me.
149: 20+ year twice daily 20mg user (total 40mg per day). The drug has helped keep my mood in the "middle". Really improved my life by mostly eliminating the extreme mood swings. 
Have tried to get off this drug. Not only do mood swings come back less than 24 hours after last dose, but very bad headaches, that feel like someone is ripping the back of my brain out.
VA is now dispensing a blue Paroxetine 20mg pill, made in AU, that is not as effective as the white oval pills I have taken for many years. This happened before, when CVS pharmacy changed drug manufacturer. Anyone else notice this?
Read More Read Less
150: I was prescribed this medication as I struggled with perimenopause.  I never thought I would take an antidepressant as I've been a happy camper my whole life. Menopause hit and changed my brain; I was stressed out, looping thinking, couldn't sleep and not myself.  I am now back to ME. I resisted medication for a long time, but paroxetine helped immensely.  I've gained a little weight, but it's worth it to have my old self back.
151: I have only been on this medicine for a few days.  I take 10 mg at night, and in the morning I feel hung over until about 2 to 4 pm, then I feel normal for about 4 to 5 hours before I take it again. I do not feel depressed, anxiety, or moody.  I do feel like someone is scrambling my brains. I have been on other bi-polar medicine for 15 years, and about every 5 to 6 years I need to switch because medicine either does not help, or I have become manic. So far I am not happy with this medicine, but will continue to try it for a few weeks to give it a fair try.Read More Read Less
152: I have been on this drug for about a week and I'm unfortunately reacting badly to it.  I'm feeling more depressed than I was before I started it at times.  Though I do have times where I feel great.  That means I'm in that small percentage of the people who take it that have a bad reaction to it.  That doesn't mean that you will though so don't be scared to take it.  This was just my experience with it.
153: I feel paranoid, head feels full of something, can't concentrate, muscles hurt, bones hurt in rib cage, blink my eyes a lot
154: I've been on this medication for a while and it has really helped me with my anxiety and depression.
155: this   medication  ended  up making me  suicidal, and  i came off of ti  back in  october 2008.  an  ihave never felt better since i came off it,      no  horrible  thoughts or feelings whizzing about in  my head,      i went to  my  gp,  and  told him  how i felt,   went into A&E  DEPT  overnight ,      and i never took  a/depressant  that night,      woke up  next morning with a clear head,     see things straight for 1st time  ever,      cool,  calm, collect,  chilled,  happy, relaxed,    all  by  one  tablet, and it was only  20mg,  at night,      never felt better since  icame  off,      do  not wish  to  take anymore of those    damn  things ever again.      been  back  and told gp  how i feel,  he, said i do  not need  any a/depressants,    if i  feel  that  way.  and  that was on  the  21st  october08.    never again  ,  thank  you.      i was on  it for about 5-6 years.    Read More Read Less
156: This med cut down the number of panic attacks I was having.   Significantly.
157: cant get past the withdraws when i try to stop taking it. tries several times in 9 years
158: ive had depression going on 20 years and developed social anxiety after being a wtc 911 volunteer.i was on many meds for depression such as lithium and stelazine with no impact.finally around 2002 i was put on paxils after grief counseling and they have been a great help in my life.i can feel comfy in social situations i am happier.hell the sexual side effect for me is great and the girls love it!i also take buspar for the pryapism.barely any side effects unlike many others that make you dazed or disconnected.it has also helped me with a drinking problem i have fought for many years.Read More Read Less
159: I read another post about someone's pharmacy switching generic brands and mine did to. The new ons is by Zydus and I am feeling symptions coming back. I don't think the drug is the same or is not as effective as the prior generic one that I used.
160: My husband was put on this medication for PTSD and some depression. He had terrible side effects. He began hallucinating,passing out, and was very angry. It got so bad he was hospitalized. Now, he is taking Risperidone. I am watching closely for side effects. So far, he's very drowsy and still irritable.
161: I am currently taking Paxil for prevention of migraine headaches. I had more success with Zoloft, but it is much more expensive. I frequently experience night sweats, which I have only started recently. I am putting the blame on these two medications. I have never had night sweats before starting the medications.
162: TOO EARLY IN TREATMENT TO SAY
163: I have not noticed any increase in length of intercourse from using this drug. I am going on my third month of using it. My mood is better though.
164: I have been taking 40mg of this/Paxil for 17yrs now...it helps with the disorder but I do lack sex drive and if I miss 3 days I become dizzy. Overall I sleep better now and though I may still be a little obsessive Im 100 times better than I was.
165: I honesty had problems but relaxed me alot, thank you guys for producing it.
166: I have very bad anxiety and tourrettes and this medication has helped me so much. The only side effect I don't like is the inability to orgasm but it has gone away on its own. This medication has given me my life back as well as my personality.
167: Paroxetine YEAH! Saved my life :) can't even imagine coming off it! I tried once and it everything went back being awful.    It's a proper life saver for me, thanks to this I can have a normal life.  It helped with depression, anxiety, OCD. I'm never coming off it! :)
168: I was prescribed 20mg Paroxetine for anxiety and depression.  I have been taking this medication for exactly one week, and I feel a world of difference.  It doesn't make your problems go away, but it does make everything easier to deal with.  It's not so hard to wake up in the mornings, I'm not so tired all the time, and the world looks a little brighter to me.  I had some nausea the first couple days, but other than that I have experienced no serious side effects.  The only part I am not looking forward to is coming off this medication, because from what I've read, the withdrawal symptoms are severe.  Read More Read Less
169: Effective controlling panic attacks and extreme anxiety. Reduces libido to almost non existent. Weight gain. Beginning medication made me constantly nauseous. Having more than one alcoholic beverage would make me black out and hallucinate. Ending medication made me irritable, dizzy, uncontrollably emotional, head aches, nausea. Will never take this medication again.
170: I have been taking Paxil Oral for 5 years,  ands it has worked wonders for me.  I have  not had any side effects, and only  rare occasions of Depression.
171: Thirty mg's of this medication caused me two trips to the hospital with severe side effects which included psychotic symptoms. I would not recommend this medication to anyone. If you are a person who is aware that you are unable to tolerate anti-depressants, don't consider taking this medication. Read all the warning labels and use extreme caution if you decide to even try it!
172: I have been on this medication for years...at this point, I guess it works, hahaha!  I do have issues when I have tried to go off of it, but I would rather be on it, and happy, than off of it and miserable.
173: I've been on Paxil since 1994, started on 20mg. and three years later went up to 40mg. daily. I had little or no side effects and it controls my depression very well.
174: does this drug cause vivid dreams?
175: The only really why i am not totally satisfied is because it has made me put on a lot of weight. 50lbs to be precise. I just never feel full and i havent got the will power to diet. however, i feel the happiest i have felt in years and i have no other side affects. i sleep well, i dont have a dry mouth, i dont get headaches and all round i am a happy person, so i think gaining some weight is a small price to pay.
176: I over eat when I am depressed and can put on 10 pounds in just a matter of days, with Paxil I am better able to control my depression eating.
177: This has helped my anxiety, however I have less sex drive and find it extremely diddicult to reach orgasm/ejactulation. I hope I get my libido when I come off this drug
178: i think i need a higher dose
179: Since switching to this Zydus brand I have had stomach cramps for the 2 weeks I have been taking it, can't stop because of side effects of stopping.  Must get another generic version, this has side effects. Have taken paroxetine for 10 yrs.
180: I began taking this medication 60 days ago and since a week after taking it, I find  myself in a more relaxed and cheerfull mood. But, I do still find myself sleeping more and more often falling asleep while sitting.
181: Have sinise problems on this drug.
182: i have been on this for 3 weeks for panic attacks, and found that I went from panic atacks DAILY to only 3 in the last 3 weeks. Overall I am very impressed with the drug but admit that I'm concerned with weight gain after reading all these comments. Also want to note that I am having some trouble sleeping (waking up at least once around 2am every night) but can go right back to sleep. A small price to pay for relief from my panic attacks though!
183: I have very bad aniexty issues and panic attaches, this medication has helped me extremly, I am very pleased that it doesnt make me crash or slow me down, it allows me to function as usually however it just helps my mind to know that what ever issue there is in life, I can deal with it and its going to be ok, it calms me down and stops my mind from racing all day and night
184: I’ve been on this med now for 2 weeks at a dose of 20mg. At first I had nausea, tingling over my body, as well as night sweats, restlessness 6-8hrs after I take it, and now seeming to have urine issues. Other than the side effects it has helped with my anxiety and depression I feel more stable then I had before I got on this med.
185: I just moved and couldn't find a doctor before my script ran out so I was without the medication for 8 days and the withdrawals were horrible both physical and psychological......but this medicine changed my life I am know young and successful instead young and afraid. The only side affects were nausea and slight dizziness for the first 48 hours. So much better than the anxiety and depression if u ask me.
186: took paxil for 12 yrs. had a few side effects for first couple of weeks but then they went away and I felt great no more panic attacks. gained some weight so my dr. said to try viibryd. they said less side effects. biggest mistake I've ever made I can't sleep,severe night sweats,nightmares,severe depression which I have never had depression in my life. so Wednesday going back to drs. and I want my paxil back so I can have my life back.
187: I feel that this medication has helped me.  Although trying to get off is more difficult than starting it.
188: I have OCD.  After about a month of taking the medication (and of course continued therapy including the meds), my symptoms have decreased significantly.  They haven't gone away (I'm not sure they ever do), but life is definitely easier.  It also helps that this specific medication is relatively inexpensive.
189: I've been taking this medicine for 2 months and it has helped me tremendously. At first it took me awhile to get use to it, it made me feel funny and even made my attacks occur. but after being on it for awhile now it has made my attacks go away, i can feel one happening and it's gone before it starts. I am concerned about my side effects, i have bad headaches off and on. My dr. told me to take half and see what it does, i did and i still have them. I had a bad one tonight like a stinging strong pain. I can miss taking it for 2 days and feel funny, don't know if this is related totally to the meds. Does anyone have bad headaches as well.Read More Read Less
190: I take 20 mg of Paroxetine which is the generic for Paxil.  I've been on it a little over 6 months.  Works great for me. However I use it only for Anxiety and I think of it as a 'certain limit' of anxiety and my anxiety has been so bad the past month that it breached this wall or limit.  so I may need something additional to this.    * Note I'm a university student and I work part time too*
191: When I first started this med I felt so bad.I kept taking it and within a month I felt normal again.My anxiety has went away and I can do everday things again.The only side affect that bothers me is the loss of sex drive and not be able to have an orgasm!You have to decide what more important and my life is good now!
192: I was having stomach issue from very long time. Which made me very depressed and overall life was effected. One day at evening time all of a sudden I got really panic, heartbeat was high and feeling was like having a heart attack. I rushed to hospital, they give me some medicine after which I got stable at that time but tomorrow again at same time same issue occurred again and the panic attacks journey continued. I decided to visit a Physiatrist, after diagnosis Doc told me that u have panic attacks issue related with anxiety. He prescribed me Paxil CR 12.5mg. After taking it for around 3 weeks, panic attacks went disappeared. I decided to quit this med because I was getting lot of weight and also less Sex drive. I decided to tapper my medicine. First 2,3 days of complete not taking it, started to feel shock kind of feeling in brain and confusion all the time. I was feeling complete out of body kind of state. I searched online, found out that these are withdrawal symptoms. which will get better after few weeks but I was getting worse. Suffering with depersonalization symptoms now and foggy state of mind. Doc prescribed 20mg now. Taking it since 3 weeks. Feeling better or worse I don't really know.    Read More Read Less
193: I have been on this med for about 8 years now.  At first, it worked great for my depression, but almost destoyed my sex life.  My drive is fine, but I have an extremely hard time to ejaculate. I really need a higher dose because I am borderline with the depression thing now, but I really dont dare with the side effect.  Also, I have gained an average of 8-10 pounds per year and no matterwhat I do, I cant take any off.  I think I need a different med.
194: I suffered from social anxiety and mitral valve prolapse. Paxil seemed to keep both under control wonderfully!
195: My doctor increased to 40mg twice a day!!!!  Thought it worked at first but after 3 months fell so depressed and my anxiety is through the roof.
196: I took it for 3 days and was in a constant state of anxiety, more fear than before I tried it, and I couldn't eat. We are all different, and as for me I could not stand how it made me feel, and I didn't want to continue on it just to "get over the hump".
197: I take paroxetine for hereditary depression and it makes me happy. When I didn't take it I was very down on life but now I can actually enjoy my life.
198: This medication really helped me get out of the dumps and really have became active. I take it in conjunction with zanex but quit taking that because it made me soooooooo tired. One good side effect I have had is a large increase in sex drive and fulfilment for my partner.
199: It's too expensive
200: I've taken paxil 10mg and paroxetine 20mg with some positive results, but Paroxetine 40mg should be looked at closely. Any medication with a black box warning is to dangerous for taking daily for more than 4 to 5 days and can be deadly. Hence, "black box warning." This is the last step being having the medication pulled. Not only have I experienced going 2 days without, which led to awful withdrawl what I could only imagine going cold turkey with heroin or crack must be like. Took me days to recover, even once I was able to get my script and start back on it. Also I get the "zaps" which I've never had prior to the 40mg, along with other side effects. I almost feel trapped in using this drug and with my Dr's help and other therapy I hope to rid of my life.     Read on what Japan and England have said about the medication and experiences...awful.    Good luck and take care...just my experienceRead More Read Less
201: Withdrawal symptoms include depression, mood swings tiredness confusion memory loss
202: I'M MORE ACTIVE, HAVE NO THOUGHTS OF SUICIDE.THE ONLY DRAW BACK IS IM CONSTANTLY HUNGRY EVEN AFTER EATING.
203: I took 10mg. Paroxetine for about 3mos. in 2007 for very severe depression, with thoughts of suicide. It was an added med.,  with Wellbutrin I was already taking. I was desperate for relief from my illness. I suggested it to my PCP, cause I had a friend that had success with Paxil for her anxiety & stress. Zoloft & Lexipro had not worked for me as added meds. We were searching. With me, Paroxetine also was a colossal failure! No relief from symptoms, and it gave me an awful "chemically induced" headache with ea. dose that I just couldn't get past. I don't recall if I gained weight or not. The headaches mostly caused me to quit taking it. I've since been diagnosed with Bi-Polar II depression by a QUALIFIED mental health professional , which may explain why that class of med's did not work for me. I'm posting at length because my experience was so bad, maybe I can help others.Read More Read Less
204: i am a 52 yr. old male w/ MDD. i have been prescribed this med. 15 yrs. ago , but was aprehensive to try it. the past 2 mos. i've been experiencing major depression w/ suicidal thoughts. my caregiver convinced me to give paxil a try at 10mg. and now 15mg. i have been making progress and feel better. i am planning on increasing the dosage this week
205: I am extremely tired taking this pill. I can't understand why it makes me soooo tired!
206: It definitely improved my mood, until I gained 60 lbs in a year. My lifestyle hadn’t changed during that time. Started tapering down and swapped it for Prozac. Then weaned off that too. It did give my body a break from living in constant anxiety and with my intense outpatient therapy I could focus on my healing. It did level out my mood. About 1 month after stoping I noticed my brain function felt brighter. And at 3 months I felt like I got the best parts of myself back. The combo of medication and therapy really did the trick. 

I did not like the profuse sweating I had or the extreme weight gain. I’ve never been a sweaty person and I could not cool down. 

Wasn’t for me long term, but did help me with my healing process so I could recalibrate my mental and emotional health.Read More Read Less
207: This medication has taken the edge off of my hormonal short temperedness, irritability, etc.
208: At first, the medication was effective.  People noticed a change in me and I noticed a change in myself.  After a while, I feel like my body got used to the medication and I don't really feel like it did anything.  The one side effect that I noticed was increased sweating.  It got to the point where I couldn't even go outside without dripping sweat like someone had poured water on my head.  I couldn't go to restaurants without sweating like crazy and having to fan myself the entire meal.  I am getting off of it slowly by gradually decreasing the dosage.  I have not had any of the side effects of getting off of the drug that I have read on some of the other reviews.  I am on a large dose (40 mg) so I came up with a schedule to slowly decrease the dose over the next month.  I have already noticed that I do not sweat nearly as much now as when I took the entire dose as prescribed.  Because of the sweating, I will not be taking this medication again.Read More Read Less
209: Used for anxiety and then depression. Started to lose its effectiveness so my Psych is weaning me off. The only side effects were no libido and trouble sleeping. Three days ago started going from 20mg to 10mg. Now getting headaches, dizziness and loss of concentration. I am now on Lamictal which has given me much more energy. My Psych is planning to put me on another AD.
210: I would like to say,I dont take meds not even aspin.I had bad panic attacks and depression.I used to freek out and went to the hospital so many times thinking i was having a heart attack.My last hospital visit i hyperventilated so much out of panic i took in to much air and i had blood checked and my carbon dioxide level was 7 5 is way to much and my house was checked.Nothing showed at home.My doctor put me on this drug and after 2 years no attacks and im more calm.This drug does make me tad sleepy sometimes but i will say this im so glad my doctor put me on this.Sorry was a long story but just wanted to share 1 drug i take and ill say A+A+.Read More Read Less
211: i used to take 20mg paroxetine still had breathing problems/panic attacks.Went up to 30mg total difference.Im learning to control my attacks.Want to stop taking tried to stop taking not so good.Very bad dizzines,headaches,brain zapping,very scary made me have my panic attacks worser.I have 3 young boys and afraid to have one to serious where I scare them.Need information and questions answered.But all and all the meds has helped me feel a whole lot better.Better than I was before taking them.Anything that can take that crazy weird feeling away is a OK with me.Read More Read Less
212: Helps my anxiety and panic disorder but not depression at all
213: I started taking this medication for depression and anxiety. I took it for three days before i stoped taking it. In those three days i was so nauscious and dizzy that i couldn't walk around, and i had hot flashes and tingling all over my body. This medication may work for other people, because everyone reacts to things differently, but i had a horrible experience with it and would not recomend it.
214: This medicine works great for me...however, is it unethical if your doctor's office refuses to refill it simply because you owe a small bill?  I am now currently suffering from symptoms related to having to stop this drug, and it is interfering drastically with my life!  Any advice?
215: helped me feel normal again
216: Those this medication help pain?
217: Once I stoped using this medication, the withdrawal syptoms were horrible.  The doctor was quick to prescribe this medication but she only gave me 2 refills. The doctor never mentioned the withdrawals.  I felt like i was going to die, from the dizziness, lightheadedness, and out of body feeling.  My depression and constant headaches went away during my treatment, but i would have never taken this medication had i know the withdrawals symptoms.
218: I took this medication as a last resort; following years of attempts to find behavioral solutions to my stress and anxiety-meditation, relaxing walks, therapy, etc.   All were helpful, but my stress and anxiety levels were always moderate to high, never really fading away.  After appx 1-yr taking paroxetine, I can say my anxiety levels are much, much lower and 100% manageable.  Even when high-stress events occur, my stress and anxiety levels equalize very quickly.  I worry, agonize and obsess so much less.  Read More Read Less
219: I'm taking this drug for depression (8 Weeks) but I don't feel a comfort level, I still fight my depression and I would not recommend it.
220: I don't feel any better I feel worse with this medication, the doctor says I need to use it the rest of my life...Duh?  I need another antidepressant not Paxil on 10 MG.
221: Started taking a month ago when my doctor put me on them for my rapid heart beat, she thinks it anxiety related, I disagree.  I do not like these pills, it has become harder to urinate, I am extremely constipated and completely dehydrated.  Helps a little if I only take half a pill, however I am constantly crying and irritable and have been gaining weight.  They make me incredibly sleepy, so I take it right before bed.  I also become dizzy fairly often.  If anything, these pills are causing my anxiety.  Read More Read Less
222: The only thing I don't like is the weight gain
223: It is making me feel extremely tired and nauseous.
224: I take this medicine for PMS and it has worked extremely well.  I feel much better. I take it at night because it makes me sleepy. I feel like my old self.
225: ive been taking this medication for 2yrs. it helps alot. i started at 50 but now down to 40. i would actualy like to stop taking it but it does have side affects when you stop. so this is just a warning. never just stp taking it always get your doctor to help. you will get dizzy, hot flashes, not even able to really walk. just always have your doctor help you cut down.
226: I have been on the generic- paroxetine for almost 5years. it helped a little. made things a little more manageable. i still didnt feel like myself though. i have fealt like i am in a fog. am switching to celexa to see how that works. been on it for a week and dont think it has had enough time to get in my system. I know someone who is having a good experience with it. i read these experiences that people have alot and it bugs me  when people complain about yawning or dry mouth and quit taking it. if those symptoms stop you from taking it, you probably didnt need it in the first place
227: after 4 days from taking it, 20mg each day, had panic attacks for about 3 days.  stopped taking it and feel better.
228: I have been on 20 mg paroxetine for 2 weeks and I have not had many or any side effects.  I might have gained weight, but not much.  I don't understand the term some people have use about brain zaps.  I am type II diabetic on medications and my blood sugars have all dropped significantly.  This is a welcome side effect to me.  Has anyone else expereienced such chnages?  So far so good.  I am slightly less depressed.  Not great bells and whitsles, things are just not as gray and dismal as it was before the meds
229: I have been taking this medicine for nearly ten yrs. It has helped me to stop having panic attacks, if I do have one it is really mild and goes away fast and I can continue on with my daily activity. I can sleep better and I have put on about 20 lbs but that doesn't matter to me just as long as I don't have a panic attack.
230: I have taken this medication since 2002.  In the beginning the low dose helped.  As time went by I had to increase the dose.  In low dose this medicine is good.  At the highest dose of 60mg it is not great.  I was to the point that I wanted to sleep all the time and could no matter what time of day it was.  I would take 4 hour naps on the weekends.  You become semi emotionally numb and the sex drive disappears.  I am in the process of stepping down off this medicine to cymbalta.  I have my sex drive back and do not sleep well anymore.  So no more drowsiness.  I thing it is a good change for me.Read More Read Less
231: Paxil has been a godsend for me. After taking it, I immediately stopped worrying about EVERYTHING! Makes me feel normal and not afraid to approach new situations. Was a bit hard to get used to it.  Maybe took about 2 weeks before not having diarrhea and initial dizziness. If a dose is missed, I know, as I feel dizzy. Other than that, I feel so normal and confident.  Not sure I ever want to wean off this medication.  Im sure it works differently for every person. Guess I was lucky my first time around, because it has worked so well for me and have never had to experiment with other brands.Read More Read Less
232: I started this medicine to help control anxiety and help with depression.  Was taking prozac which worked well for depression but not so much anxiety.       First 2 days were rough.  Headache and slept all day first day. Then tired and yawning nonstop second day. Still get the yawns once in a while. Have fantastically bizarre dreams now and then.  Has helped me get to sleep right away at night. Use to have trouble putting myself to bed.  I did have trouble getting up in the morning but that has passed.     Also have experienced longer intercourse time to ejaculation with better orgasms.  Went from 1 to 2 minutes to 10 to 15.  Have a decreased libido but I can focus on other things rather than sex.  (My wife likes both these side effects.)      It has helped with my anxiety greatly almost to a fault.  I've found myself saying some things that are inappropriate for the social settings I'm in.  Overall it has been a blessing though.  I no longer obsess over things that might happen and am able to talk in front of large groups without panic attacks.  I joked with a friend that it was like being the character in the movie Office Space who gets hypnotized into not having a care in the world...I'll be taking down the walls to my cubicle and cleaning fish on my office desk next.       I do find that I still have a certain level of depression.  I don't think I'll give up on the drug though.  I have yet to start exercising and doing the other things I need to do to help deal with that.         So all I can say is that it seems to be working for me.  I hope you find what works for you and don't give up til you do!      Read More Read Less
233: Years ago I took paxil for anxiety and depression.  Worked well for me.  For over almost 7 years or more I didn't need anything.  Starting July of this year I had lots of life changes and begin to have panic attacks again.  Due to the awful insurance coverage I must get the generic. Not real sure but in the last month or so I started to have night sweats and almost panic attacks due to my disruption in sleep.  Can not seem to sleep more than 2 hours at a time.  Not sure if it is this medication or not.  Read More Read Less
234: I have had good luck with this medicine except I have been missing taking quite a few doses and have gotten irritable and angry didn't realise this was a side effect.Anyone else had this problem?
235: No Improvement in Anxiety. Side effects of a sexual nature and constipation(chronic) are increasing my anxiety about taking this drug
236: Paroxetine give me a lot of side effects for 10 days when I started taking it.
After 2 weeks of starting paroxetine, my depression and my panic attacks almost disappeared. I eat well, sleep well, feel confident and happy.
237: was prescribed in the 12.5 strength to help with hot flashes due to change of life
238: Find it very hard to sleep more than a few hours at a time. Loss of appetite.
239: helps with worry an obsession   OCD
240: I am exhibiting symptoms of too much medication.  I am sleepy, larthargic, and more depressed.
241: I have used this drug with great success. My doctor put me on it after a complete hysterectomy, including both ovaries. My only complaint is I can't seem to get off of it. Each time I have tried has been somewhat to be able to get off depression medicine, but I guess there are worse things in life.
242: when i started taking this medication it was the worst 2 weeks of my life, but after 3-4 weeks, the medication started to work, it really helped me,  and saved my life... i'm on the med since May, i still have a little anxiety, but i don't have panick attacks. Thank God and the doctors
243: the side affects were really bad , worse then they said, i stopped taking it just about one and still have side effects , i don't know how long they last. i know you are suppose to give it time but i couldn't take the effects... I stared taking this med on may18th thu may27 how long does it stay in your system
244: I have been taking this medication since high school. It helped the depression but I feel that it has worsened my panic problem. I am currently on 20 mg and I have been cutting the pill and taking 3/4ths. The withdrawls are terrible after the 3rd day if you stop cold turkey. I have headaches, body aches, shaking, fever, hallucinations- it's terrible. I want to come off of it really bad.
245: I started on 40 mg about 2.5 years ago following a suicide attempt.  For the next 9 months, I took the daily dosage, but continued to abuse alcohol.  I have been alcohol free for the past 1.5 years, and eventually decreased my dosage to 20 mg daily, about 6 months ago.  Once I quit drinking, the medication was allowed to do great things for my outlook on life.  5 days ago, when my current prescription ran out, I discontinued the 20 mg daily, in an attempt to get off the drug.  I am now in the middle of the "withdrawals" of dizzyness, buzzing noise in my head, and headaches.  I am familiar with symptoms of detox, but can anyone tell me how long the withdrawals lasted for you?Read More Read Less
246: I have been on Paroxetine for 16 yrs. and am up to 60mg. Have been doing great until the pharmacy switched generic brand. Now I am having break through symptoms again. Don't want to go through the switch of another SSRI. Did anyone go back to the original brand and feel better?
247: I have taken this med for sometime now and was satisfied until my "crying days" became more often.  My doctor raised my dose from 20mg to 40mg and WOW what a mistake that was. To make a long story short several days after taking the 40 mg I tried to commit sucide. In my opinion either the 40mg is being produced by a different company than the 20mg or there is something terribly wrong with with the medicine..I am 70 years old and will not continue with the 40mg. In my opinion this med will start killing people.Read More Read Less
248: this stuff is horrible. I was prescribed this for depression and anxiety. I totally shut down mentally on this, living without any emotional feeling at all. After about 6 weeks developed migraines with loss of vision. This was terrifying. Eye doctor said the pill was causing it but MD said it wasn't the pill and prescribed a medication for the migraines. Weaned myself off of this, the headaches went away and once again I feel like living. I had some withdrawal symptoms for a few days but it was worth it to get off this and get rid of the side effects. I will never let anyone talk me into taking any type of drug like this again
249: We each know our bodies best. I have chosen to take only 5 mg of Paxil for the panic attacks I "USE" to get.  I only need enough to "HELP". I have taken Paxil off and on for 12 years. I was prescribed 20mg..I break that in half..then break the halves in half.,(5mg). To get off, go slowly. Start cutting down weekly..then the next week even less.. to the point. Take it every other day..until you can stop totally, to give "YOUR" body a test and rest from drugs. Panic attacks are very difficult to deal with at times. I understand the choaking,,breathing feeling..pounding heart,,etc. I hate it that I have to take it...but it is better for me as well as my family that may suffer with me NOT taking it.  Depression, panic attacks and OCD, runs in my family. With other pressures of life..and what "PEOPLE" may expect from one...Attacks can become..over whelming..so why not take Paxil?  I am 55..gone through 2 car accidents, Malignant Melanoma diagnosis, surgeries, chemo within 1 year.  Paxil..I TOOK !  I use to get that BUZZ, many have talked about..fuzzy in the brain.. Paxil is working..nureons (spelling?), and brain transmitters, are re-uptaking seritonin. If I have to choose...I will choose to take Paxil. By the way..20mg of Paxil...made me feel.."I TOTALLY DID NOT CARE". Therefore....to stronge.  Know your body.., trust your gut feelings.  My doctor gets piffy..about what I decide to take...but then he says: It works for you, who knows you better than yourself. Remember, the Docs go by the FDA studies. ( IN GENERAL). I do the opposite of instructions on Paxil..start out low...and if needed I would go higher. So far, worked out great.      Read More Read Less
250: i've been using this drug for a few months for agorahia and it's worked somewhat. i still have a little nervousness while being alone in public. but i'm a lot better than what i used to be.
251: I have been on this medication for over 2 years. I have been in a decent state of mind for quite a while with a low dose but still with any stress put onyo me I would crash back down. Recently saw my doctor and have had my dose doubled. But i do feel I wouldn't be where I am today without the help of this medication.
252: Dont take this, ,Ive been on it for about a month, I have trouble urinating, loss of sex interest, Ive decreased in sexual performance, and cant sleep worth a crap
253: My pharmacy recently switched from generic brand Apotex to Zydus.  My old symptoms came back.  Anyone alse notice a difference with brands?  I started taking 20mg generic Paxil for depression. It also me helps with mood swings and mild anxiety.  It stops the cycle of bad thoughts.  I've had weight gain and no libido but it's worth the trade off for me (and my family).
254: Paxil 20 mg. Always works great. It organizes my mind. Takes away obsessive thoughts, clears the webs of negative thought. I have taken it 3x for a year each time. Each time I gained 20 pounds. One time I exercised daily for 60 min and didn't lose weight. Takes away libido completly. I take this in an emergency (very stressed, panicky, paranoid,insomnia and depressed). I'm familiar w/ zaps.....careful when getting on and off...you need a week to chill out w/ the withdrawel. I'm not afraid of the crazy withdrawel symptoms so I usually get off quickly and ride the craziness....not for the faint of heart.Read More Read Less
255: Sometimes it helps, but with the stress of taking care of a handicapped young adult and a very critical spouse the effectiveness isn't always good.
256: I had anxiety/depression for at least 10 years and finally someone prescribed Paxil 10mg.  I started with more mg but it made me too sleepy so I now take 10mg.  The thoughts that ran thru my head finally stopped.  I don't feel emotional all the time anymore.  I finally have a different perspective on the world.  It totally helped me.
257: jijijmmjkmkl;;l;
258: I had taken this medication for less then one month and I will NEVER take it again. Happy one minute, next minute a total horses butt, next minute ready to kill myself, and then break down and cry like a baby. NEVER again! Thanks to my wife that she handled me for one month like this.
259: I stopp ed taken this medication. I am experiencing lightheaded. I have been off of it for 4 days. Is this normal?
260: tokk for 18 years for my fibromyalgia pain and depression
261: I take this medication for anxiety and repetitive negative thoughts.  At times these thoughts would keep me up at night but Paroxetine helps me sleep and live a normal life.  I've tried other medications and this is the best.  In conjunction with therapy I feel I can overcome my problems and let go of the past.
262: Too: CONCERNED, 45-54 Female on Treatment for 5 to less than 10 years (Patient).      This stuff works great for me but I've only been on it a little over a year. I forgot my meds at my brothers place 1 time, he lives 200 miles away and within 2 days I was afraid to drive. I was shakey, light headed, felt like I was getting shocked. I finally called my doctor and said I need just 4 Paroxetine to get me thru the week until I get back to my brothers. He did and I have never forgot them again. I have read many, many accounts that getting off Paxil / Paroxetine is very hard and an extremely slow process.Read More Read Less
263: they help my depression but i have developed problems such as fainting and joint pain
264: Although this medication has been effective for my anxiety, it seems to have lost its benefit in treating my depression, either that or the depression is worse.
265: It's given my my life back, it also helped with my tourrettes.
266: I feel tired all the time and withdrawn
267: Works very well on me.  Had to increase the dose over time.
268: This medication worked for my depression, but the weight gain has been troubling.  After gaining 25 lbs. I am now discontinuing my use.
269: reduces the ringing in my ears, stops the night terrors, stops the instant rage,but I have terrible muscle and joint pain.
270: This writing is a bit premature probably I know.Mostly I am writing about concerns as I begin this unknown (to me)treatment.Depression (suicidal tendencies)& such have plagued me all my life, most of my whole family suffers from such things. I was given this medication 2 days ago. There are 20 possible side effects listed, 12 of which are symptoms I already suffer.With the 1st dose the itchy, bugs crawling on my skin feeling is immediately worse, nausea with pretty strong gagging & dry heaves hurt my back like h**l! I was prescribed this from an ER doctor & not a psychologist or the such.I have serious doubts but my psych-eval isn't for another wk & I feel it is long since time to try and deal with my issues, even if it is by trying bad medicines. I probably shouldn't be taking this, but withdrawals & DTs are nothing new to this veteran addict.Its either something like this or a life of meth & other drugs. Which is worse? We shall see.     Read More Read Less
271: Great relief of depression plus an extra boost of confidence, I'm really shy and it, for some reason, helped that. I gained alot of weight and no matter how hard I tried I couldn't get it off. I was switched to Pristiq, (I took took Effor in the past), and have relief from depression and lost weight, but it's not worth the headache, fatigue and stiff neck I'm having now. I plan to go back to old faithful (paroxetine) it works, it's affordable...So I may be gubby, but happier, what would you choose.Read More Read Less
272: I have been talking this medication since 12/27/17 so itâ??s been a little over 1 month I feel like it works for my anxiety but the problem I have noticed is sometimes I have a lot of shaking and I feel so weird when it happens and also it makes me sweat. I was thinking about having my doctor change it. Any advice? Thank you in advance.
273: after getting the dosage right, i rarely have any anixety. it was a daily problem for me
274: i had increased heart rate and pulse, more panic attacks than normal, in fact daily. feeling like i cannot breath. i went to the ER and the doctor encouraged me to stop taking them. i had only been on them for two weeks
275: I take the medicine for extreme anxiety.  It has helped with mood problems, keeping attention in class, and sleeping.  However, my main problem is trouble breathing.  The medicine did calm it down but I still have attacks especially as I settle down to go to sleep at night.
276: I have been on this 24 day's, I have less hot flashes but when I walk I sweat so bad & my body is so hot. I drinks lots of water & seem to sleep more hours.   Will give it 3 months before I decide if I will continue with this medicine.
277: have had bouts of diareia with it donot know if related or not
