1: Good
2: White bar
3: Could not sleep through the night for at least 5 years. This helped. No side effects. Headaches once in awhile when I skip a night or two.
4: for years I experienced insomnia.....after beginning this med I had no more problems...i take it once per day *0.5: mil. for years approx. one to two hours before bedtime.  For me it has been a miracle drug.
5: Well, I have had HIV for 27 years now. For the first 10 to 15 years my anxiety level been off the charts. I tryed to take my own life 3 times to be unsuccessful. I been to many doctors over the coarse many years to be put on several differant kinds of meds to calm me down. but when my doctor talked to me about xanax to calm me down I diden't think much of it cause I never really heard to much about it. But now that I've been taking xanax for about 4 years now, I've now came out of my slump and found my life worth living. Thank GOD for the wonderful miracle of medicine.....Read More Read Less
6: I hate this drug.  My husband is addicted to it and all it does is make him go to sleep.  He thinks because it stops his panic attack he is better.  That is not the case.  All it does is put him to sleep and he does not  get any counseling to address the real problem.  His doctor is aware he drinks beer with this medication and he still gives it to him.  I think a better solution would be to refer him to a psychiatrist to address the real problem and give him medication that could really help him instead of just making him go to sleep.  I understand panic attacks are scary because I see what he goes thru when he has one, but I also think someone that is qualified should help him address his problems.  I also think a regular medical doctor should not be allowed to dispense this medication.  It should only be dispensed by a doctor that is qualified to address the entire situation and not just treat the symptom.  Read More Read Less
7: im a an alcoholic that also struggles with ADHD. Ive never taken this drug before , but now Ive been on it for a week. Its been a Godsend to me as other drugs seem to make me feel like Im going crazy (ADHD)  I hope to discontinue this drug in a few weeks but it sure did get me over the roughest part of my recovery. Ive been down this road before but this seems to be the easiest time ever !! maybe Im just better prepared this time.
8: helped panic attacks, depression, also  a sleep aid. .5 mg at bedtime has finally  relieved insommia. along with anti-depressants i finally have a life
9: i am a w.m.over 50<60 have always had bad anxioty ADHD now AADHD been taking it bout 3yrs.realy helped dealing with my wife's terminal cancer we fought for four years. her death 1.5yrs past was an emotional killer.sank into super depression. alprazolam is the only thing that kept me from suicide or worse i am sure.it made me just clear enough to think about the people who truely have love for me when i did  not.i am sure it helped me see a little clearity  betwen the fine fine spaces between the bouts of TOTAL DEPRESSION.had no regaurd for life(mine or anybody within my five foot circle of my space). alpraz.ER was and is my only glimps of love within me and contol(so to speek)of my very very quick temper and rage, so i supoze(i am sure)put my depression in a bit of check for short piriods of time just for the short glimps of reality.rounded the rough edges of depression,anxioty,loss of love(hatetred for myself and anyones life) and was and is a lifesaver for myself and the fools(anyone wanting to confront or joke at my expence)who have no idea of the CRAZY thoughts in this confused and so messed up mush of a brain....Read More Read Less
10: good
11: I am bipolar and have high anxiety levels. When I take this medicine it calms me. It helps me to not be scared to go out of the house. It helps with the racing thoughts and my depression. I am not always worried about what people are thinking about me. Overall it has helped greatly improve my life. It helps my sleep. I used to be on lots of different meds to treat each condition and this one pill works for it all.
12: I am bipolar and I have up my dosage on my own to 2 mg. 2x a day.  I am returning to my Dr. I don't think it works well enough for me it only last 2 to 3 hours.   Am I taking to much I am manic all the time.
13: the meds work for me as long as i take as perscribed. Problem is I take too many, run out too soon, and go through withdrawls!
14: I could not Live with out my alprazolam Oral.
15: I sometimes and more recently have had trouble sleeping. I usually take the 2mg yellow or the white xanax. The white "GG 3722" are not posted on here but I do perfer those over all the other 2mg xanax beaside's the white one's that say "XANAX" on one side and "2.0" on the other. But those are mainly given to people who are stationed or were in the military such as my sister and her pain killers.
16: The doctor gave me (30)tablets suggesting I take three each day,I cut them in half and take two a day,they have relaxed me somewhat,but all I want to do is sleep,which I've never had a problem with before,my main problem is shakiness which I've had for most of my life and sometimes loss of appetite and low income due to an accident that prevents me from working which I loved to do,and now with the price of gasoline I can't go or do many of the things I used to do,otherwise I always feel great,I'm 68 years of age and feel extremely young,I take no other medication except several herbs,yet even as I type this I have the shakes,I guess because I've taken no pills today,yet still sleepy or more less bored.Very seldom do I ever see a physician because I never have a reason to,very rarely have I ever been sick,but do have allergy symtons such as sneezing and runny nose with headaches  over right eye for which I take allergy/sinus otc medication which works for me.Incidently the medication was given for anxiety.Read More Read Less
17: Have taken this for over 20 years,.5 mg twice a day for panice/anxiety.  I could not function without it.  It enables me to go out and do things when I was literally a prisoner in my own house for so long.  I also have agoraphobia, and this is a miracle for me.  I know it is addictive, but if it enables me to live a fairly normal life, then I can live with that.
18: its help me with sleep and ancitity
19: I take the medication and gradually yet quickly fall asleep and stay asleep for six solid, restful hours.
20: I've been taking it for a little over a year now for my panic attacks and anxiousness. I find relief within minutes of taking it. I'm on a very low dose, and only take it as needed. Thank the heavens above for it!
21: very good medication for stress and panic disorder...
22: I just starterd on this medicine
23: depression,addicting
24: I have had anxiety ever since I can remember. It used to come and go, but now it's been 7 years. My Dr. wants to start taking me off but I do so well with it and my anti-depressant that I don't want to, I am living not just surviving one day at a time. My Dr. thinks I am addicted but I think she is just against it. What is the big deal? IT WORKS!!
25: I'm trying to get off this medication.  I take .25 milligram tablets, 1/2 at a time and have never taken more than 1 1/2 tablets is one day. I've been taking them since December of 2008.  My question is, and I hope someone can answer my question, is getting off this medication going to be very difficult for me, even at this low dosage I've been taking?
26: Attacks are less frequent. The ones I do have quickly subside after taking it.
27: Are there any side effects if you use this drug and Vicodin also
28: It helps my Panic Attacks.
29: worked well,but difficulty waking up. I felt too sleepy (all day).
30: This has really helped me with the panic/anxiety attacks.  My doctor wanted me to take them at bed time but i informed him that it did not help the anxiety unless i took when i had the attack.  My attacks were to the point that I would have an asthma attack alnog with the panic attacks.  I am thankful for this.  now i can live life as normal and not worry about having an attack and shutting down completely.
31: I suffer from Panic Disorder Generalized Anxiety and Depression, but even in the mist of a panic attack I often opt to skip the Alprazolam. This medication numbs and sedates me, which can help at times, since these sensations are often preferable to panic, but I do not feel relaxed or able to enjoy things (reading, eating, sex, etc). Alprazolam transforms me into a sleepy zombie, it does not feel like a solution.
32: I had tried numerous depression medications, but the benefits never outweighed the side-effects. Finally given Alprazolam and the results have been amazing. It was so bad before that I was having difficulty functioning at work. My brain and heart would constantly race and nearly paralyze me. Now on the medication (.5mg in the morning and at bedtime) I am able control the racing thoughts and immense pressure in my chest caused by the racing heart. It doesn't seem to make me tired and on a few very stressful occasions I have taken 2x the dosage and had no side effects.Read More Read Less
33: This medicatiion has helped completely with my anxiety at work and sleeping.  I do not see however if it has a side effect with weight?  gain or loss or does it slow down weight loss?  Please let me know. Thanks
34: on this 6 years .05 mgs 3x day. still have  cognitive problem from this standard dose.  trouble reading and lack of "gut" feelings.  don't believe physician (G.P.) understood   the rationale and what should have been     short term (2 weeks) to quell PANIC DISORDER
35: works, but i have to take in partial doses only on occasion to ease anxiety and still stay alert.
36: i was prescribed xanax 0.5 mg 1 tablet twice a day for my panic disorder. i would generaly have at least three panic attacks in a week and one to two minor ones daily. when i first felt one comming i used the medication and in 10-15 mins the attack had passed. i was so surprised how well it really worked. for people suffering from this awful disorder please discuss treatment with your doctor i did and now im back on track to lead a wonderful and unfearfull life
37: I have suffered from depression, general anxiety disorder, and social anxiety disorder for about four years. I have been on almost every anti-anxiety medication; ativan, valium, klonopin, xanax, etc... I have also been on numerous atnti-deppresants. SSRI's SSNRI's and the list goes on...  Right now i'm on xanax 1mg 4 times a day. If you suffer from extreme anxiety of any kind I would also reccomend in addition to the xanax, taking a SSRI like zoloft, and Inderal. The mixture of the 3 meds. work wonders when used together. I feel sooo much better now, i can actually go out in public and be around crowds of people with out feeling like i'm going to jump out of my skin!!  I would highly recomend the use of xanax along with Inderal and a SSRI used together....it makes a world of difference.Read More Read Less
38: adjustated all the time,  depressed,  angry
39: this drug stop my tremor and aniexty
40: I had panic disorder and agoraphobia for a year before trying this at 0.25 mg as-needed. It immediately relieved my anxiety enough to allow me to leave my home and go out again with no side effects. I much prefer it over SSRIs such as Zoloft and Lexapro, which left me feeling 10 times worse than before. Those left me drained and lifeless--just not worth it. I take 0.25 mg of this whenever I start to feel anxious and feel an attack coming on, and it keeps me sustained without making me feel drugged and I do not have an attack. This medication carries a bad stigma because too many people abuse it and ruin it for those that actually need it. If you follow the prescription and don't self-medicate by upping your dosage without a doctor's consent, you should not experience any problems. But because too many people abuse it, doctors are now reluctant to prescribe it which is a shame because it does wonders for people like me who got so bad they couldn't even leave the house. Many say therapy is a better alternative, but not everyone lives in a town big enough to have many of those options--I've seen 3 counselors and all of them were worth nothing. I just take this medication with me wherever I go and take it as-needed. Sometimes I go days without even using it. So here's my advice: it's better than feeling lifeless on SSRIs. Follow the prescription. Don't up your dose or abuse it. If you do that, you shouldn't have problems. Sometimes I feel a little confused or dizzy after taking it, but it also depends on when I ate and other factors. I highly recommend this for people in my situation.Read More Read Less
41: In conjunction with zoloft, this medication helps me sleep and not be so shaky and/or anxious.
42: Going through a divorce I can't sleep , but after my doctor had put me on this pill I sleep, things still get to me but know I can cope
43: I have anxiety, sometimes panic attacks.I can barely think let alone function when this starts to happen.xANEX has helped me everytime. If I dont have it and i get anxiety I sometimes cant leave the house
44: The drug works well calms me down and has stopped me form wanting alcohol.The only but big problem I have with it is the hangover effect with depression and anger the next day this makes me want to take another pill to stop those effects! Anyone with advise???
45: this drug has helped me alot but for some reason my doctor wants to withdrawl it.  i do not know why.  it helps me sleep and i have no panic attacts but worried abot withdrawl to fast
46: About a year after my husband died, I was having trouble with being anxious all the time.  My doctor prescribed Alprazolam for me to take as needed.  The prescription is .25 mg 1-3 times daily, however I have never taken more than 1 pill in a day.  It enables me to deal with stressful situations without feeling like I am tied in knots.  I have elderly parents that I care for and grown children who need help with their families so I am constantly doing for others.  This helps me deal with that.
47: Taking this medication changed my life.  I suffered with severe anxiety and panic attacks as well as chronic insomnia.  All of those conditions are now well controlled with the minimum therapeutic dose prescribed by my physician.  My quality of life is so much better and I am thankful.
48: It takes a long time to work and gives me leg cramps.
49: I have been on this druf twice. The first time 3 /5mg a day for over a year. This drug works within 30mins for and panic/anxiety problems. However I did become addicted taking up to 25 tabs a day and still function. Beware of this, I only say this to help others. I have recently been given it again and have taken 1 when I REALLY need it, this is how I suggest to use this med, when needed along with Zoloft, Paxil etc
50: i found that klonapin works better quicker and last longer.
51: I was diagnosed with anxiety after years of therapy by a highly qualifed Dr. I have at least 5 of the symptons shown. I was on numerous meds while in therapy for anxiety & depression but never alprazolam the therapist was afraid of addiction. My primary Dr. prescribed .5 mg at night years ago and it was the 1st time I was able to easily fall asleep. I have never had to increase that amount at night. After continual anxiety related problems my primary recommended this drug on a daily basis of 3mg XR. I discussed my fear of addiction and the Dr. stated there were numerous patients who never had to increase their dose and others over time who needed it increased to have the same effect.Do to my fear of addiction I still do not take the recommended dose but after reading all the reviews and realizing I still do not lead a normal life due to anxiety in many of its forms,I am going to increase my dosage to 2mg and if need be the recommended dosage of 3mg daily.  If you suffer from numerous causes of anxiety, have been through therapy and tried numerous other meds, I would highly  recommend this drug.  I only hope due to insurance or change in doctors that I will never have to go through withdrawl nor have to increase my dosage.Read More Read Less
52: It's great...but I just got my refill of .5 and it is yellow (not peach which it normally was).  The bottle says .5 MG but why did the color change ??  Different Manufacturer possibley
53: do not have anymore how long before withdraws
54: After open heart sugery i was afraid to sleep,i take one pill at bed time 0.25 MG and no problem sleeping.Thats it just the one pill.
55: my son became addicted to this drug and when they took him off off of it .. cold turkey that is.. He did have a seizure and ended up in the hospital.
56: This is a VERY helpful night-time sleep aid for me.  I fall asleep shortly after taking it and sleep all through the night.  It has been a life saver for anxiety for me in the past, too.  I take the 1mg tablets each night before bed, and there are days when I have to "sleep it off".  The withdrawals from this drug are not pleasant, but fortunately I haven't had to deal with that for long.
57: It is HIGHLY addictive, but works well.  I have been taking this medication for over 5 years and I have had to increase the doseage several times.  Likely hood of my getting off this drug is not in the cards.  My systom is addicted to it.  I suggest trying something else before it is too late!
58: when i feel impending "doom" and start to panic I will take a dose and withing 30 minutes it) Panic) subsides
59: This begins working within 10 minutes for me. The only downside for me is if I take a whole tablet, I really need to sleep. If I take 1/2 tablet, it just takes the edge off and I can continue with whatever I'm doing. I would certainly recommend this.
60: I am having difficulty about the strength of doses p[prescribed, 0.5 mg .25 mg etc which dosage is higher?
61: I am going thru some stuff with my ex and I started getting anxiety especially at night. When I remember to take this at night I am able to sleep & function the next day. Compared to when I forget or think I can sleep with out it I am up until 5am and my mind won't shut off. I have only been taking it for 4 months, but it has helped me alot.
62: I have been taking benzodiazepines for quite some time now following quite a few events in my life that nearly paralized me with anxious thoughts, paraoia, depression, and physically. The first visit to my doctor he prescribed me 2 1mg a day. It honestly worked wonders for me for a few months until I got used to it then had to go up and up and up. If you are looking into getting on Alprazolam do not forget you can become addicted to it very easily. Other than my tolerance which formed very rapidly, the effects also are very short term. More so for people who have panic "episodes" not PTSD or paranoid induced anxiety like I do 24/7. It is a very good medicatiom though when used properly, which,  like I said is hard considering it's short lastig effects. One piece of advice, fight the urge to increase dose even if your doctor is willing because in reality you're digging yourself into a bigger hole as coming off them was hell. Best of luck to all of you.Read More Read Less
63: I have seizure disorder and was given valium (diazepam) 10mg 3xday, but due ti kidney problems was switched to Xanax (alprazolam)1mg 3xday, after a while I was given Xanax 2mg 2xday.  After switching to Xanax I completely stopped all seizure activity and have not had an episode in over two years.  Addiction to ANY controlled substance is ALWAYS something to watch for, but if you are responsible with your medication and dose, take it only as directed and do not stop doses or increase doses without consulting the prescribing practitioner you should have no problems whatsoever.  I have never had any negative issues with this medication
64: I have been on this drug for over 10 years and I have never been happier. this drug works like a charm for me. I have been slowly increased over the 10 years from 0.25 to .05 twice a day. I will not go over my current dosage. If you truly have panic disorder and have trouble sleeping this is the drug for you. No side effects. No waking drowsy or like a truck hit you.
65: If i dont take one ..Here comes the panic :(
66: I have been on alprazolam for 3 1/2 years for anxiety. I take .5 at bedtime. It is wonderful. Before this I had severe anxiety attacks & was up all night. Now I fall asleep within 30 min. of taking it. I highly recommend this for anxiety or panic attacks.
67: having anxiety&panic disorder on a daily basis really made me very tense&unable to tolerate anything.when i started alprazolam it worked well ,so well in fact that i wa able to go back to work again.and be productive.As where when i took lorazepam ,or diazepam,i was non functional.I was more lethargic&lazy,sleepy...Alprazolam has been great to me.
68: I have been taking 1mg of alprazolam 3x each day for just over 5 years now without either increasing or decreasing my daily regimen.    Both my anxiety and panic attacks have all but ended, with very few exceptions.    These attacks which now occur only seldom, are a great improvement compared to my experiences prior to starting on and continuing alprazolam.
69: This drug .25 mg if mild ..however, it really works to relax sleep.  I would rather take this insteed of sleep medications.    To function in a normal manner each day..sleep is a must.  I have had no reactions to it...and been taking the drug for years. just do not abuse it like anything else
70: I havechro ic pain a!long with chronic insomnia.  To top it off I have no stomach which interferes with absorption.  The normally prescribed sleep aids Ambien and the others like it make me hallucinate.  I have found that this drug relaxes me enough that I can get a few hours of solid sleep.
71: How long dose it stay in your smytom
72: This medication has done wonders for me. I was having severe anxiety and was prescribed to use this sparaingly (as to not get addicted) whenever I felt like I was getting anxious. Within 15 minutes of taking it I feel like i totally different person... Happy/calm and able to enjoy my day.
73: I never thought of myself as anxious, and I didn't think I had anxious thoughts, but all the symptoms were there.  I was jittery, tired a lot, clenching my teeth often, neck pain, short tempered.  I also never felt depressed, so I didn't really believe it was a mental issue.  I tried all the SNRI's and they did absolutely nothing.  I tried Alprazolam but due to it's short half life I had to take it three times a day which was a pain and made me feel like I was on a mood roller coaster.  I am now on the extended release 3mg a day.  It has pretty much eliminated all the symptoms except the constant need for a nap.  I also notice my short term memory and attention span suffer.  I am very concerned about what I have read about long term use and withdrawal symptoms.  I have been taking it about two months, and if I forget to take even one day's pill, I get so jittery that I cannot keep my eyes closed.  I cannot stop talking, and cannot keep one thought in my head for more than a few seconds. I get horrible mood swings.  So the withdrawal and addiction symptoms are something that concern me greatly.  Much worse than before taking it.Read More Read Less
74: Works very quickly and efficently, but dosen't last especially long, compared to others in its class, the longer you take it , however, the less effective it becomes so be mindful of tolerance and dependence.
75: Been on it for 11 yrs for post traumatic stress disorder works well
76: This medication has been very helpful for me. It helps me stop the panic. It helps my muscles. I no longer have to go the chiropractor. It eases muscle tension. And it helps me when I take long trips. Because I can now travel better since being on  the medication.
77: I have rare panic attacks, but when I get them they occur multiple times a day for several days in a row. I become tight in the chest, with a feeling of my heart skipping a beat, and the feeling quickly creeps up my chest to my neck, chin and finally my focus is off, and I can't comprehend anything anyone is saying. The actual attack lasts no more than 60 seconds usually and I have varying degrees of them. They start off with just the chest for a couple of times, then get progressively worse. If I take one 0.5mg of alrazolam oral at the start of my symptoms, it usually wards it off. If I am where I don't have one to take and my symptoms worsen it sometimes takes a couple of doses to make the attacks go away
78: having qcute panic atttacks so i have to hope my meds..i am on 2 img twice a day.. are working or my pan8ic attack is more severe..i am on the max dose for 2 yrs and have no sleepiness or lethargy as a side effect i may need something for thhe more acute attacks !!!
79: Xanax is highly ADDICTIVE. If you have any history of addiction or even a proclivity toward addiction, Xanax can be a death sentence. You tolerance increases, it becomes less effective and you require more and more until it's hard to separate if your anxiety is real or if your anxiety is related to when you will take your next Xanax pill. Now how depressing is that? VERY depressing. It's a downhill spiral. The pharmaceuticals LIE about the addictive nature of this drug. Please beware.
80: Keeps me from going into a full fledged panic attack when I can predict an anxiety inducing situation.  I also take one to help me sleep once in a while so I don't get too addicted to ambien.
81: my son does not like this medication how long does it stay in your systom
82: I have been using alprazolam for about 2 1/2 years and only when needed. Sometimes I go for a week or even a month with no symptoms and not need it and other times I will feel it necessary every other day or so for maybe  several days to a week. Then the anxiety passes. My dosage is .25mg and I normally take only a half a tab.
83: keeps me very calm and patient
84: ok i have been on 1mg of xanax 4 times a day now for like 5-6 yrs, and if u would like to know anything google "long term use of benzodiazepines" kinda funny how all the really bad side affects are hidden from you..i know would like to GET OFF OF IT, and am going to follow my new pyschiatrists orders to wing me off it, and the klonopin im on, and hope i feel better!
85: My veterinarian prescribed this drug for my dog's extreme anxiety during thunderstorms. It helps her so much,and frankly me too! LoL!
86: I have (RSD or CRPS type2) from a accident in 2005 and have on going pain in my Ulnar nerve 24/7/365. I take norco, 10/325mg, to help with the pain. I was on Valium, 10mg 2x a day for my anxiety, since 2005. My Pain management Dr took me off Valium and replaced it with Zaxex/Alprazolam 1mg 2x a day. It made a WORLD of difference for my anxiety and I can sleep better after almost 8 years. But if the 1mgs start not to work as well its up too the 2mgs!  THANK YOU DR.!!!!
87: It was suggested by my Dr after the death of my Husband to get me thru the first year.  .5 mg Take as needed.  First time was fine, I remained calm thru a dedication ceremony. Second time on way to church hr after taking pill, it caused me to hallucinate and see multiple lines in the road and multiple cars coming toward me.  Also blurred vision.  I did not take another pill after that.
88: I normally don't recommend drug treatment but when used with caution this drug can be a very effective aid for anxiety. I've used it for over ten years (went thru some bad medical and financial times then and had to take 2mg about 5 times a day). About 5 or 6 years ago I started taking 1/2 dose only when necessarry and now just use it 6 or 7 times a month. I did experience some withdrawal when I cut the dosage, but not anything severe. I don't recommend it for addictive personality types, but when used sparingly it works for me.Read More Read Less
89: It is a good drug ,, but use it properly
90: i sleep better and can think clear
91: this drug comes my my alzheimer's mother so i can sleep all night. i dose put her to sleep to but she's taking for me. the only thing i don't like about the pill is when i lye her down for a day time nap maybe around a hour. the pill seems to wear off.
92: I have panic attacks and anxiety and this medicine is the greatest thing since sliced bread.  I was put on it 13 years ago and since then my doctor has retired, his replacement moved away after 8 years, and his replacement did't believe in prescribing alprozolam and told me to see a shrink.  I "fired" her and found another doctor (LNP) who I really liked.  After I got insurance I had to find another doctor because my insurance will not pay for a nurse practitioner.  The doctor I have now isn't a fan of alprozolam either and wants me to come off of it, but I am very strongly against it.  It has kept me functioning and being able to actually live life.  I don't understand why it is so hard to find a doctor who will prescribe this.  It may be habit forming, but in a way so are my blood pressure meds.Read More Read Less
93: I use this rx to treat anxiety while traveling long distances or going somewhere there are a lot of people. I just take one when I feel like I am going to feel anxiety and it works great! I only take when I need it so a 30 day supply can last quite a while. I dont feel like it is habit forming if you only take as you need it. It has helped me get my social life back! It also seems to help with some stomach problems I was having.
94: It really calms you down.  Helps a lot to just relax a bit and smell the flowers.  Easy to over do the dosseage...DON'T.  Follow the Dr's orders......
95: this has been the only medication i have ever used thats has allowed me to fall asleep(not force me to sleep), and sleep all the way through the night.
96: calms me fast
97: It is the only thing that works for me.  It doesn't work for a long time, but it's better than not sleeping at all.
98: I felt bad all the time(Anxiety), the shrink gave me Xanax and I tried to overdose, I woke up and felt great the first time in years. I have been on the drug for many years and can say it saved my life.
99: My mom was diagnosed with Alzheimer's Disease last year.  I took her to the doctor because she said that she had anxiety.  The doctor prescribed Alprazolam but this medication caused a lot of problems for her with her other medication.  I don't recommend this drug for a patient on Alzheimer's medicine.
100: less chest pain
101: I have been taking Alprazolam for a number of yrs. to be able to turn my mind off enough to go to sleep, also take one once in a while during the day for anxiety attacks.  It works well for me.  I take 0.5mg per tablet.  I am wondering if I could become addicted to it, my MD assures me he does not let his patients become addicted. Could my racing thoughts be attributed to Adult Adhd? I have a grandson in his late 29's whom I'm sure suffers from not being able to concentrate,altho he is very intelligent.  Could you answer these questions,please?Read More Read Less
102: This medicine is of great help to me. Unfortunately my insurance stopped paying for it this month. I have been off it for 2 weeks and cant stop shaking and have weakness in my whole body. Is this because I stopped abruptly? HELP!
103: it is very effective with my panic attacks
104: Caused extreme dizziness for hours after taking first pill of xanax 2mg er.  I was sick all day.  Could not get up out of bed.  Dizziness then caused nausea to set in.  I also was to increase my Wellbutrin 150mg xl to 300 mg xl on same day.  I am now confused which one may have caused such horrible side effects.  Also if I am allergic to the xanax 2mg er can I get my money back for a whole prescription I had to pay for!  Have a call into Doctor but have not heard back from them.
105: i suffer from anxiety and depression along with excessive sweating.  this med. is the only thing that has stopped or lessened my sweating drastically, which as a female affords me a better quailty of life. it is my miracle drig but i am now wot sure of what is going to happen when i have to stop taking them.  It also makes it easier for me to function in public or social settings and helps me mood to stablize.
106: It calms me down and seems to stop a panic attack.
107: I remain very anxious and irritable.
108: Alzolam was prescribed by my doctor since I find it difficult to sleep.I only used it when I felt that I am going to struggle to fall asleep. It worked, but I did not sleep as deep as I thought I would. I woke up my usual time, but felt quite drowsy during the day.
109: I am not recieving the relief from the anxiety/panic attacks when I take my medicine now.
110: I have been on zanax for 8 years and to all who are new to the medication, beware it can be very addictive!
111: Have been taking .05 for about 5 yrs.  Usually 1/2 pill does the trick.  I take it when I know am going into uncomfortable situation and can sometimes head off panic before it starts.  Has worked wonders for me.
112: ..tried everything. MOST effective for anxiety
113: i cannot understand all of the hype anout this medicine,i've used it since 1974 for shell shock i recived in the army.Now same doseage,my new doctors say it is habit forming and refuse to keep me on it,is it that the drug company wants more money? or some college student figured out a way to write a paper to get extra credit?it does not control me,i do not absue it and it works for me,i believe it should be left alone.
114: I occassionally experience chest pains during arguments with my husband or when under a lot of strain/stress.  I take merely a quarter of a .25 tablet and the pains subside.  For ease in sleep I take a half just before bedtime and its lights out. I wouldn't ever let myself take this when not needed as it is highly addictive and very dangerous if combined with other meds or alcohol. It's a drug you MUST respect.
115: I don't take this medication daily. Only when I feel the onset of anxiety. It works withing 10-15 minutes, and usually only 1/2 a dose is sufficient.
116: have had anxiety and depression fo rover 2yrs and bo drug has done a thing for me at all this pill didnt touch my anixty at all just caused me to have enraged anger and depression, couldnt concentrate on anything cant work or think about work without getting physically sick and vomiting I;ve tried around 6-8 different drugs and this was supposed to be the "WONDER" drug for aniexty and it didnt help at all at times it feels like it intesified my anxiety more than it did to calm it
117: i was in major car wreck in 98,major surgeries,removal of l collarbone,lung lobectomy from ribs puncturing most organs,much more.started taking ativan,took 2 years cause anxiety was driven me crazy,it worked decent for a little while,doc switched me to xanax,first 1mg(cause of tolerance)tid,sorry 3xaday,worked ok.moved up to 2mg twice a day.it works great.Be carefull cause you may not realize but u will be dependent(addicted)and do not just stop,u will freak!
118: no real effect on anxiety
119: when taken as directed this medication has helped me greatly i also have bipoler and this medication does not interact with my other medications
120: very severe anxiety with depression.  tried all non-benzo's and most other benzo's with no relief.  Xanex is the only medication that worked for me.  I feel 1000 times better, best I ever been,
121: very suttle  and helps with sleep or falling asleep
122: I would wake up in the middle of the night with panic attacks and not be able to fall asleep again.  I started taking this before bed and it has worked like a charm.
123: My experience with this medication was almost a miracle. I have always,since childhood, had anxiety,overwhelming moments that basically kept me from being able to get control of myself to calm down and focus.That which made me angry,quick to just lose self control on anyone anywhere. this medication was the best thing that basically ever helped me to be able to stop,think, and react as a "normal" person does.One crucial warning to everyone-It is not a miracle cure.Please only take as prescribed,NO MORE.!! If you take to many even a few times and you end up going completely without it can and WILL and DID cause seizures. I was driving when it happened to me.It wasn't just one seizure it was several. I did not kill or hurt anyone except for breaking my own back.Please be careful on this and all medications.Lesson learned-follow directions and take ONLY as your doctor prescribes.And DO NOT stop taking all at once. Let your Dr. take you off slowly. It is safer.Read More Read Less
124: Love it calms me and I can focus
125: I was having panic attacks several times a day and could not function. My doctor put me on this med and it has calmed my panic attacks down and I can function again. I have been taking this med for 2 years now. It is habit forming so I have to be careful with it. All I know is that this med works for me and has helped me to live life normally again.
126: Felt anxious and slight depress for years and didn't speak or talk to nobody about for years until after menopause. If you can't sleep on a regularly for whatever reason that will just add to your problems. I take half of a pill at night or every other night. Sometimes I do stop taking it for couple of days because my body is immune to it does stop working. After that I will restart taking it again.
127: it is helping me alot..
128: It knocks you out, and you will not remember doing things while on it. It is dangerous. Never, ever drive on it until your Doctor feels it's safe. After you build a tolerance, then there will not be much of a problem. I am saying this out of personal experience and genuine concern. Please be careful.   I like what the drug does for me, but I take it EXACTLY as directed.     Good luck, and I hope it works for you all. !!!
129: This was good in the beginning I would take it every now and then when I felt anxiety. Recently, I started taking it more frequently because I was looking for work and would pop a pill so I woudn't get nervous now that I am trying to stop, I get even worst anxiety. I feel like I am going to die. I get sharp pains in my head and I feel so out of it.   It scared me. Beware! This drug is no joke. Take it if you must but becareful coming off of it. I have heard you can even have seizures.
130: I take 4mg every night, and sleep a good 6 hours....without it, I can't sleep for days. I know it's habit forming, but I can't go without sleep. It IS THE only thing that works for my chronic insomnia.
131: I was diagnosed with panic disorder at the age of 17. I have tried several meds over the years and this has been the only one that has been able to control my anxiety. For years it was difficult to find a balance because I wasn't depressed, I just had extreme anxiety... esp. in social settings such as ball games, work events, etc. I would have panic attacks out of no where! Over the years, with close observation from my Dr., my dose has been increased- now at 2mg 1x a day. We have talked about me going down in dosage b/c I worry about my future and my body becoming use to the drug. I highly recommend this drug, but under close supervision of your Dr. It can be addictive, but when used correctly, very effective. I don't smoke and don't drink, so it's been working for me!  Best of luck!Read More Read Less
132: I take one tab at night for sleeping.  It works for me, but I think it would be too strong to take during the day. o.25 MG is the strength that I take.
133: My life was a living hell until I began taking xanax. I was in a raging panic from the moment I woke up, all day and into the night. There were times when I couldn't even remember where I had been,what I had done or who I talked to, Sleep was out of the question.. I NEVER slept more than 45 minutes and I had nightmares the whole time, my whole body shook ALL the time like I was having convulsions... I could go on with this forever. My doctor put me on 40 mg (<~?) a day as well as one 1mgof xanax 4 times a day. I have never felt better in my life. I don't shake, sweat, pant, or "freak out" anymore. I understand it can be addictive, but living a normal life is soooo much more worth itRead More Read Less
134: was given this brand by pharmacy for one month returned it after one day like taking nothing......
135: I have major panic attacks and suffer from bi-polar. It helps my condition almost immediately.
136: Highly recommended for anxiety disorder, especially in social settings. Works fast, has a very mild sedative effect in small dose (compared to Diazepam) and is fast relief from muscle or neurological spasms associated with multiple sclerosis. Only problem is it can be very easy to become dependent and it was hard to find a doctor to help taper off. In addition, missing a dose or stopping the medication after prolonged use can cause severe insomnia and anxiety worse than before being prescribed. Use with caution.Read More Read Less
137: It only helps when you can get the correct manufacture. I get a light green 1 mg and it seems to work very little. Why is that?????????
138: I have been taking Alprazalam for continually for several years. Dosage currently prescribed is 2mg daily. Other than allowing me to sleep well,the drug has little effect at this time. I have anxiety and situational anxiety (fear of heights, mostly driving on roads with hills and arch bridges).  Slowly I am reducing the dosage to avoid severe withdrawal symtoms and hope to find some other method of dealing with my anxieties.  I'm therapied out.  After I can stop taking the drug, I will try taking it only when I MUST be in a situation that causes panic. Also, I hope to see a psychiatrist to seek a non-addictive medication
139: I normally do not like taking any sort of pill, even ibuprofen, however I suffer from PTSD (post tramatic stress disorder)which was intially misdiagnosed as bi-polor II, and my symptoms were high anxiety & slight depression mixed with a high temper. I also work in a high stress environment (phone sales i.e. advertising products sold over the phone) and it helps me to not overreact, spaz if you will, and take things slower. My mind goes really fast & I used to wake up in the middle of the night with pitches running through my head or a trigger from a bad dream & couldn't sleep. Now I don't, and besides that, I only take 1/2 of my perscribed dosage M-F, I don't take it on the weekends, only  when I have to be in an environment that I know will include triggers. It seems to relax me without me needing/craving it. I will say that the "needing/craving" not happening did suprise me, given it is a narcotic and can become easily addictive,(i was reluctant to try it) seeing that my womb donor was a drug addict, which make me genetically predisposed to drug addiction. It helps alot and I don't suffer from withdrawls when I don't take it.Read More Read Less
140: i had bad side affects with this medication
141: taking for anxiety and Restless Leg Syndrom
142: Very easy to get used to. It works. Increasing dosage will only help for a while. Exposer therapy (getting out)helped while trying to reduce dependancy. Get off it little by little and do things outside or public areas,exercise etc... while reducing dosage. More pills and you'll soon need it to go to the mail box.
143: Other drugs of this type made me irritable and more anxious. Xanax was a blessing. I was clear headed, not clouded or confused. It gave me my confidence back for work. However-there are drawbacks. This is VERY addictive. I'm on 1mg x4per day. But there are occasions (like most of you) you take more, some MUCH more. Those cause complete black outs. I remember nothing of what I was doing, even eating out with family and watching a movie. And withdrawls are brutal-NO cold turkey. Work with your doctor to wean off. I still take-with caution and control because they are the only ones that help me control my life and stay focused. Main word there-focused. But it's a fine line of wanting to take just to prevent an attack and just wanting to relax. Even if you think you are controlled be advised. But used properly it has brought my life back to me.Read More Read Less
144: I was told I have General Anxiety Disorder. I was prescibed Alprazolam. I have been taking it for almost a year and my body have slowly built a dependence. I started at .5 mg and now up to almost 4mg.  Now if I don't take it I suffer from withdrawal. I have lost interest in mostly everything. I wake up early feeling like I want to jump out of my skin. Sometimes I have horrible nightmares. Days seem just to mesh. I have family support and my doctor is trying to slowly ween me off but it doesnt seem to help. I find myself thinking and rationalizing constantly about everything. I have trouble getting thoughts out verbally without studdering. I wonder if my doctor really understands what this drug does long term. It helped in the beginning but now its my new anxiety. I suggest before you use this drug to make sure its monitored very carefully. The side effects are horrible if you reduce it just a small amount (at least in my case). I wish I had taken another type of treatment non-drug related! I hope this helps anyone so they dont fall into the same trap this drug puts you in long term.Read More Read Less
145: This medication has been a life saver for me throughout the years!! Without it, I would have been dead from extreme panic attacks, anxieties, nerves, including depression!!!  I DO NOT have an addictive personality, so taking this medication over a long period of time is not a problem... I have had to stop taking this med a few times in the past, and I've experienced no life threatening issues!  I do NOT recommend (as with any medication to stop taking it "suddenly" -that can negatively affect your health; mind & body)! Possibly creating extensive, serious side effects! DO NOT STOP TAKING THIS OR ANY SAME TYPE MEDICATION "ONE DAY" COMPLETELY!!! You must have your Dr. wean you off the medication over a good amount of time (months)!!!   Overall, "I'm still here & alive thanks to Xanax/Alprazolam," due to terrible, "life threatening" Anxieties, Panic Attacks, adding to depression from these attacks/nerves, etc., I've had since a late teenager after my special Grandfather passed on (first death I ever experienced,) and kids at school harassing me because I was a shy, good student!! After beginning this med I began working at my first job in a large, high profile, corporation!! Succeeding from a Marketing Assistant to the highest upper Management job/position in the Corporation!!! My anxieties/attacks were no longer controlling my life or rarely in my life any longer!  Thanks to Xanax/Alprazolam!!!  I'm VERY disappointed to now see more & more health insurance companies "Not Covering" this "life saving & inexpensive" medication anymore!!!??? For one, I just found out in 2013 Blue Cross "PPO" is NO LONGER COVERING XANAX/ALPRAZOLAM!?!?!?!?!  I'm disgusted with Blue Cross in their "detrimental decision" which will cause illnesses, some life threatening, to their customers & doctor's patients who can't afford another ADDED INSURANCE (non insurance covered expense) THAT WE PAY FOR IN OUR MONTHLY PREMIUMS ALREADY!!!!  I'm looking into canceling my BLUE CROSS "deadly" insurance!!:(Read More Read Less
146: I previously took this medicine every day, along with my antidepressant which I have been taking for years.  I now only have to take alprazolam as needed, if I have anxiety, or trouble getting to sleep and it works great.  I guess if I wasn't on the antidepressant I would probably have to take the alprazolam daily.  But I have had no problems with alprazolam being addictive, ever.  It has helped me in the past when I've had severe anxiety attacks, and it now continues to help if I still have anxiety attacks, and problems getting to sleep.  I'm happy to have this med, and would recommend it to anyone needing relief from anxiety or sleeplessness, etc.Read More Read Less
147: I was diagnosed with severe recurrant depressive disorder, mania panic attacks, severe anxiety and slightly bipolar. This medicine helped tremendousley on every area.
148: I have a ( spindle cell sarcoma in my spinal track, about 10 inches long ) pain pump is not working nor were opiates. I can't barely walk and use walker, cane, and wheel chair. I feel I'm terminal which causes much stress as I'm married,own a new house , have a cock-a-too who will live for many years and things I must still do for family. This drug helps from crying and laying awake all night.
149: I have been taking this medication for about 3 weeks. I find the medication to be ineffective and after a few hours, I start to feel even more anxious followed by panic attacks and insomnia.
150: I take this med for anxiety associated with depression and panic disorder. I use it only as necessary. I am prescribed 1mg tabs, but normally only require 0.5mg unless I am facing a really bad situation. I find it does make me drowsy, although it does calm the irrational thoughts and shakiness I experience and allows to think "normally" again.
151: i have been taking xanax for over a year now. it has been a life saver for me. i suffered from frequent and severe anxiety attacks for over 6 months before i started taking it. I take 1 mg 4xs daily with 10 mg of buspar 2xs daily. i know xanax can be addictive but i would be crawling out of my skin without it. My personal and professional relationships have improved greatly. instead of being overwhelmed and obsessed with my own problems i can now care about others. Before trying this I tried 4 different antidepressents and had horrible side effects from all of them. I lost two jobs due to the antidepressents. They caused everything from irrational actions and thoughts to an almost"zombie" like existence. The possibility of being adddicted to this is a small price to pay for how much my life has changed for the better.I have grown a tolerance to xanax which is why my doctor added the buspar. so far so good. I've been taking the buspar for about 3 months now. it take about 6 weeks to take full effect.sometimes i get a bit of drowsiness after i take the buspar but it goes away within about 20 min. it just makes the xanax more effective for me. This is a combo that works for me wonderfully but everyone is different. It took about six months of trial and error before my doc and i found what works for me
152: I love it so much I over take it
153: I am on Alprazolam ER .5 & Alprazolam .5 and I am kinda disappointed in the ER. When my doctor told me he was prescribing it to me I was thinking in my mind, Oh great finally a xanax that will last all day so I don't have to continue taking pills throughout the day. I can not even feel the ER working period so I have to take my regular ones throughout the day. Could it be that since its .5 that the effectiveness is not working and I need to talk to my doctor about increasing the mg? I would just rather discontinue the ER and up my pill quantity to a higher amount.Read More Read Less
154: I have been very satified with the use of this drug, but i have difficulty accuring my medications.
155: Took Xanax for about 6 months and let me tell you in my experience absulutely do NOT drink alcohol while on this med.   I was taking 3-.5mg day and I drank once while Xanax and it almost  killed me.   My wife could not find a pulse and was close to calling 911 before she could get me back.    Never again.  I do not take Xanax any longer nor do I drink either so now I am on Ativan.  Much better in my case.
156: used in small dose at night
157: I don't know what I did before this drug came along.....although I take (Niravam) - or the generic (alprazolam disintegrating tablets)- which I am so glad they finally made this more or less the generic melting form, it helps my attacks so fast but used to cost me almost $300.00 per month.  Not sure about the addiction thing though because I have gone days without and am fine until I have another attack to the point where I cannot breath, sweat severely, and feel as though my heart is going to pop out of my chest and within 3 minutes after putting two .25mg on my tongue I am myself again.  Highly recommend!!!!!  Read More Read Less
158: what is considered a high dosage?
159: I had never been on a plane for five hours before and I had expericenced panic on my first flight so my doctor suggested I try this medication and it surely worked for me!!
160: Medication caused extreme short term memory problems, and seemed to cause daily withdrawl.
161: i hadn't been able to sleep, and when i did sleep, i woke up several times throughout the night and never felt rested.  my dr. gave me .5mg to take as needed at night for sleep.  it works very well.  it doesn't force me to fall asleep, it just lets me go to sleep naturally and i wake up very rested.  the only downside is that i'm tired  for a while after waking up but that wears off after an hour or so.
162: I take this medication, very occassionally, for episodes of mood changes and stress, irritability at work.  My job is high-end and fast paced and in close quarters and sometimes I can get overwhelemed and pissed off to say the least at people, so I take 1/2 of a 0.5 Xanax (sometimes the whole pill) very rarely and it helps mellow me out just enough to relax and forget about the stress. Does NOT cause me to be drowsy so I can work and function on it.  I have taken xanax maybe about 5 or 6 times my whole life and I am 31 years old.  I also have a duodenal ulcer that stresses me out when it hurts, and I can hardly eat anything cause of that. I also suffer from Polycystic Ovarian syndrome and have lots of pain about 1 1/2 weeks every month, and that can be stressful.Read More Read Less
163: Takes it right away (Panic Disorder)
164: With bouts of anxiety, Ihave tried Buspar which I found very discomforting and the side effects made me feel lousy, but I find that Alprazolam makes me feel much better. I am currently on and infustion program of Vidazia for a blood problem and I find that Alprazolam takes away the anxiety of this treatment.
165: This medication helps me deal with my peripheral Neuropathy hand tremors.
166: Overall a really good medicine at low doses and with the help of calming exercises and a balanced lifestyle, I would not recommend higher dosages as the withdrawal effects are more prevalent.
167: I rarely take this medication, but have found it extremely helpful in managing my anxiety and stress in particular situations.  If I encounter extreme stress I can take one .5mg tablet and feel so much more relaxed.  With the .25mg, I didn't notice any help, but the higher dosage does work.  I would just recommend to only take in particular situations that can be very stressful.  Do not take with alcohol and do not take unless absolutely needed.
168: I started taking this medication at a dosage of .05 due to heart palputations resulting from stress. When I took it, the heaviness went away and I didnt get any side effects. My daughter passed away shortly after and I had trouble sleeping. I take one only at night when Im thinking too much and it politely puts me asleep and I get great rest. I dont take it every nite or during the day. But Im glad to have read all the positive and negative things about this drug. Drugs do have a different effect on each person, but they are prescribed for different reasons. Glad to have read some of the side effects, most helpful to me. I keep a thirty day prescription for several months. Take only as I need it. Good luck to all of you who really have severe issues and Gods Blessings to you all.Read More Read Less
169: this medication does calm you down I feel slow down .next day still feel slow. don't no if its me or the condition or the meds.
170: this is a fast acting treatment for me. It has helped me very much.
171: This medicine works well for me with anxiety and depression ans trouble with sleeping. however ur body gets addicted to these pills and without them ur body starts 2 go thro withdraw. I actually wanna detox myself off of these and seek out another medication for my sicknesses.
172: i take xanax every once in while for GAD. it works fast and great! i am careful not to take it regularly so i won't get addicted. if used appropriately it can enhance you and your doctor's anxiety treatment plan.
173: I can sleep at night without feeling out of it the next day.
174: When I take this Alprazolam at night for  difficulty sleeping a;ong with my Requip (for restless leg syndrone), I can't rest. I get so restless within my entire body, i can't lay still, therefore can't go to sleep, just lay there and toss and turn, tightening my muscles in my upper body.  Anyone had this happen to them. I am so tired!!!!  Please help!!!  Anyone had this happen to them?
175: Overall, I feel much calmer and more in control especially during stressfull times.
176: After my hysterectomy they said I would have more energy well that was true but how do you deal with all that extra energy? I couldn't rest my mind raced on how was I gonna apply my new energy. I worked out I cleaned house I went a little nuts with myself and not sleeping now, I take .25 before bed and keep a regular schedule bed by 10:30-11:00 and up by 7:00 able to work and be productive and not reeling anymore. Shame that not sure if I can get a refill without going to see the dr, but my gynocologist understands me more than my family practitioner. It is an annointing feeling when their knowledge actually works to make me feel better. Thanks for recommending this for my regime. I needed it and not ashamed to admit it.Read More Read Less
177: it has been descibe to help with my anxiety and it is good.
178: I get panic or anxiety attacks ,before I go to the Airport ,or flying, also helps me to sleep since I suffer insomnia ,I just use it when I need it, not  regularly  I am afraid to get addict ,my Ins. and Medicare doesn't pay ....and I suffer vertigo ,that makes me aware to take this medication ,but the way I used it is okay .
179: I took xanax for 2 years, then klonopin, then valium. the only major side effect I had from them was drowsiness. however, it is a VERY addictive drug, and even going 1 day without it, after long use of any Benzo, I suffered major withdrawals, seizures, heart palpitations, the shakes. It was horrible. After having a few seizures trying to come off the medication, I finally decided to get off completely and stay off completely. I will never take it ever again! BEWARE, withdrawals from Benzos can KILL you!Read More Read Less
180: Take 12mg at bedtime.
181: Although I use it mainly for sleep, I also use it for anxiety.  Being reduced to 1 mg for sleep and receiving only 30 per month leaves m with none for anxiety.  What to.do?
182: have copd which in turn starts anxiety to stop breathing (panic attack. for me it works ok bout 15 min, for breathing must get in front of a/c. severe emphaxzima.
183: its amazing stops an attack, works fast you can let it disolve in your mouth for imediate results. no side affects no drowsiness actualy makes me feel more active because .. you know what its like to have an attack and you can move or do any thing. stops the shaking twiching and kills that little rat who it feels like is chewing a whole trew you guts..
184: Only one negative, do not stop suddenly and you need a doctor's help to get off.  I decided to try stopping it and seeing if I had "recovered".  I almost ended up in the emergency room. It took almost 3 months to stop using clonidine to supplement.  I was on it for 6 years with no problems except it had to be increased.  After being off for 4 months, my doctor and I realized I needed to be back on something for anxiety.  Tried buspar...did not work for me...back to xanax on a very low dose only as needed and not on a regular basis as before.  4 months now and it's working fine.  Read More Read Less
185: I feel nothing but empty
186: My husband past away and I couldn't sleep because of anxiety they put on klonopin and valium  they didn't help so they put me on xanax 1 mg. they helped alot then they put me on xanax 2mg now I  can finally rest and talk to people in a normal wat  they help me more than any other anxiety medicine
187: This has got to be the MOST effective medicine i have ever had. When i started having panic attacks i didn't know what was happening. My doctor put me on this 13 years ago and i has done wonders for me.
188: Hello Everyone,  I just want to say how sorry I feel when I went to my doctor 6 months ago and agreed to SWITCH my MEDS. I took ATIVAN for about 2 years, my doctor thought it'd be "BEST" to switch because I kept having episodes (panic attacks), I had them maybe once a month or so because I am taking LEXAPRO which saved my life. So I AGREED!! WoW, it's soooo addicting and stays in your body for about 38 hours unlike ATIVAN (only 18 hrs), now I have had some withdrawal symptoms (they are nasty) Just like withdrawing from VICODIN..(that's how I can describe it, my friend told me that's how it feels)  Anyway, I am an ultrasongrapher so I am in a med. field and TRUST me people, DON'T TAKE or STOP AS SOON AS YOU PHYSICALLY CAN!!!!! I BET THIS IS THE BEST ADVICE A PERSON ON THIS SITE CAN GIVE YOU.  TO ALL,   BE HEALTHY AND SAFE  Irene L
189: I very rarely have to take one.  I take Zoloft on a daily basis and that seems to help my panic disorder and depression for the most part.  But I am glad that it's around for me to take when things are particularly overwhelming. I don't have any side effects when I take it but it might be bc I don't have to use it often.
190: have used for years, suffer from pcsd, muscle tension precipitates an "anxious" episode almost always, wonder if anyone else uses to help relieve symptoms of mild fibromyalgia or or other "muscular" issues...lately have been experiencing increase in headaches which are either tension or migraine and this medication in a .25mg dose seems to substantially reduce the "pressure/pain" i feel in my head. am in a sorts tired of using, becaue you feel like you should be able to cope with certain anxious moments or certain pain. but nothing i have ever taken seems to do what this medication dose for me, and that is to allow me to feel some degree of normalcy in life, interact, conversate, and not dwell on my discomfort, whether it be from pain or axiousness...  i wonder does anyone else use this to help control their pain?, Read More Read Less
191: Reduces aniexty extemley well for me.
192: Taken for severe depression and/or panic attacks, works awesome.
193: At first when I started to use this drug, it made me feel very lethargic when I woke up and several hours latter.  I use this drug now to assist me to sleep and it does wonders.  Anyone with symptoms greater than slight anxiety or sleep disorder should not use this drug at .5mg.  I really like this drug.  Thumbs up for xanax.
194: Can this drug effect blood pressure?
195: I've had anxiety attacks  for the last year and a half.Not sleeping well has caused all sorts of daytime problems. I take a low-dose .05 of this at bedtime now. I sleep only 5 to 6 hours and wake up , and not able to go back to sleep.
196: I take this to help myself get on an airplane. It relaxes me. I get really anxious and panicky if the flight is longer than 2.5 hours.
197: My experience with this medication has help me more than any other treatment I have tried.
198: it's the only thing that works
199: Have used 1/2 of a 1 mg tablet at the onset of anxiety symptoms for yrs now. Can go on and function in my daily activities using this medication. I use it prn and use less than 10 1 mg pills in a month on avg. One dose may be enough in a day.
200: I've been taking half a milligram two or three times a week for the past five years.
201: Great medication but gets a bad wrap because of it's illegal use on the streets. Number 2 most abused drug beneath Hydro's.   It works great just about everytime and I can go a day or two without taking any and really don't notice and withdrawls. My RX say 1 1-3 times a days as needed and they are 1mg tabs. I don't take them usually even 2 times a day.  My main use is for sleep and the occational panic/worry attack. They just about always work. And it has been around for yeas and proven, not like some of these newer drugs that may cause eyeball cancer or something.....Read More Read Less
202: This medication works well for me, I can not take over 0.5. I get very sleepy and lose my balance. I just wish that people would not abuse the medication. I really need this medication to function. I take it as prescribed and now I can sleep at night. STOP ABUSING THIS MEDICATION!!!!YOU MAKE IT HARD FER PEOPLE WHO NEED IT.
203: So far everything has been really good no wieight gain at alll although i have still experanced major anxity problems but over all i love this it has really helped me better manage my chronic anity disorder ...
204: I take this drug for high anxiety and agoraphobia. I have trouble leaving the house alone. Alprazolam has worked well for me. It calms me without making me too drowsy.
205: I was prescribed this drug as treatment for depression.  I didn't like taking them because they made me so sleepy.  When I decided to stop taking them I was horrified to find I was totally dependant on them and suffered withdrawl symptoms that were way worse than the symptons for which I was being treated.
206: I have social anxiety an dthis medication has helped me to be social again
207: This med has changed my life.  I can sleep now and I'm not so moody during the day. I take 1mg every night.
208: I started taking Xanax when my wife of 32 years suddenly ended our marriage.  I have had severe depression and anxiety associated with this situation.  I have been able to use the 0.5 mg dose at up to 3 mg/day and it has been extremely effective in dealing with the anxiety.  It has not become habit forming as there are many days that I do not have to take it at all or just 0.5 mg in the afternoon and I'm OK for the day.  It is nearly a miracle drug and I'm thankful for the help it has given me.  There are times I could not function without it.Read More Read Less
209: Xanax is great if usen properly,I however became addicted to it and they arenot lying when they tell you if you take it for the wrong reason you can (because I was addicted to these for 12 years been off of them for 9 years beware!!!
210: I have been taking 2mg. xanax for 10 years since my divorce, yes it can be addicting but I have been responsible! I take mainly to be able to sleep now,only thing that helps but I take 8 2mg. xanax every nite approx.30 min. before bed. I also have custody issues so suffer from depression and anexiety as well so have to take additional meds throughout the day not to even mention my pain meds, usually 2mg. xanax every 2 hrs. Dont know if Iam going to be able to overcome this, thanks for listening!Read More Read Less
211: I have always had a problem with anxiety. I wasn't sure how to approach it until I became an adult. My doctor put me on a few different meds but this one was the best for me. I don't even need the full recommended dose. It completely helps me with all of my symptoms. Day time or night time. I can't picture my life without it.
212: I have a problem with my heart rate going up high.I have been tested in my sleep to see if it goes down on it's own, and it stays up even when I'm sleeping. If I take 1/2 of a 0.5 pill morning and night it seems to help keep my Heart rate at bay.
213: If I knew how almost impossible it is to get off it without getting the worst withdrawals and my nervous system is shot.
214: helped me to stop shaking and being anxiuos
215: headache
216: WORKS WELL
217: I have used alprazolam for several years with 0.5 mg dosage. I take only as needed and not on a regular schedule. I suffer with severe depression and anxiety since the loss of my marriage of 32 years about 5 1/2 years ago. I only take the alprazolam when I get anxious and that is usually when I'm reminded of things about my marriage and my children. If one 0.5 mg tab doesn't work I will take two and I'm allowed to take up to 6 tabs per day. I usually don't come near to that amount and do not use it every day. My doctor is very supportive and helpful and is satisfied with my way of using the drug even though it's not on a regular schedule. It does help me sleep when take at bedtime. Overall I am very satisfied with it and when the anxiety gets bad I thank God that I have it because nothing else gives me relief like alprazolam.Read More Read Less
218: The Stada Pharm Alprazolam (light green) bars with the (S 90 3)markings are no good what so ever.  They have no effect at all. They do not help anxiety or panic disorder conditions. They cause throat and breathing congestion to a very scary and dangerous point.  They are time release and contain caffeine.  I believe these pills are very dangerous (nothing like real alprazolam).  Please be careful if you are thinking of taking this medication. Costco is now selling this medication and when I complained they banned me from the store.  I will be filing a complaint with the State Medical Board about the Dr. Abdollah Assad and his practice; and I am going to file a complaint with the Nevada State Pharmacy Board against Costco.   Read More Read Less
219: I just have not had a panic attack since I started medication.
220: My doctor put me on .5 mg 1x2 daily as needed. I started out that way taking one once a month, then had to take one a week, then one day. I want to get off of them, so just took half of one a day, still working pretty good, so tried 1/4 of one a day, it isn't working. If I don't take at least half of one a day, my skin starts to crawl and my left arm goes numb and hurts. After I take it I feel much better but may not ever get off of them, not unless there is some other way to control my aniexty.Read More Read Less
221: Im on the 2mg xr and it really helps with my panic disorder.
222: I have problems with depression and anxiety. The biggest being i would begin shaking so hard at work i couldn't accomplish anything, The "xanax" has really helped with that. My question was though that last night took somewhere around twenty .5 mg pills in my sleep and have no remeberence of it. My mom found me past out down stairs on the couch. When i thought i was in my room the whole time I evem remember waking up and hitting my snooze alarm. when i got to work all the guys i worked with noticed something was wierd about me. I worked a twelve hour shift today and when i got home my pupils were still huge even sitting in the bright living room. Is this a common occurence? It seems downing a bottle of anti-anxiety medication in your sleep could be dangerous.Read More Read Less
223: This is a short term med., however im 35 and have been prescribed it since i was 18 and it is a life saver for me and my family....
224: 1/2 of a 0.25 pill in the morning with breakfast usually keeps me calm and normal all day unless I am going to attend an event and feel clostophobic, then I take the other half and that works for me. I have never taken more than 2 halves a day.
225: It works, helps calm me down durning finals for school, usually the only time I need it. Tastes horriable so hurry up and take it. Very easy to take too many.
226: I've been on this med for a many years now and it has successfully treated my anxiety & panic attacks very thoroughly.  I have missed a dose a time or two, & my body definitely tells me so.  I get knots in my stomach & every muscle in my body feels as if they have contracted so much they are ready to tear. Worry overwhelms me & gradually increases, which turns into a panic attack. I absolutely could not live without this medication(with the exception during my pregnancy, when I believe my hormones took over when & where needed)! I also contribute it to obliterating my symptoms of irritable bowel syndrome. It has truly saved my life.Read More Read Less
227: I have suffered from anxiety ever since I was about 6 years old.  I started taking xanax at the age of 18.  I'm 38 now and have no side affects from it.  Just being calmer is a dream.  I highly recomend this drug for use for people who really need it.
228: some of the 0.5 hsve been yellow amd some have beenpink. what is the difference?
229: I've been pleased taking this drug, it has helped me with my anxiety and it's calmed me, the drug also helps me to sleep better.
230: Lately the doseage I take has not worked as well as it used to. What is the maximum daily doseage I can take?
231: I have been taking this for 6 years, my pain management Dr. Prescribed it to coinside with pain meds for my severe,chronic back pain.   Pain caused by degenerative disc disease and total spine reconstruction
232: I am taking Buspar nightly (10mg) and I take 1) 0.25 alprazolam as needed which is about every 3-4 days later when I feel very nervous.This works very well for me, but I want to get off the meds and try L-Theonine.
233: This works quickly and effectively
234: This particular substitute does not appear to work as well as others I've taken. As needed seems to be a shorter period (from 8-10 hrs for previous substitutes) to this one being only 4-6/poss 7 hours.
235: The side effects of a low dose have been just a enough to bring down the levels of anxiety without much disruption in day to day life. The medication does have addictive side effects so I do monitor my intake of this medication.
236: First prescribed alprazolam 12 years ago. I keep a supply with me at all times. I only take it at the onset of an attack. The most that I have ever taken in a 30-day period is 3 (0.5 mg). Can't imagine being without a supply, nor can I conceive of taking it daily.  Just wish it didn't take so long to "kick in".  But once it does, it really does the trick.
237: It works well for me and my anxiety. My only complaints is I wish it worked faster and it taste absolutely horrible.
238: slurred talking like your drunk is only side effects
239: This was very good for taking when I had to work a full day, as it didn't make me sleepy like the non-extended release version.
240: I started on this drug 4 years ago... The condition that cuased the anxiety has long since passed, however im stuck on 3mg a day and have been trying despritaly to tapper off it but I get so sick .  I spent 4 months vomiting for 14 hours a day....It works great short term but is a killer if taken chronically
241: I'm on the .25 mg. Sometimes it helps, sometimes it doesn't, but it sure doesn't hurt to take one when I'm feeling really anxious. I only take it when I need it, not every day, as I heard it can be very addictive if taken daily.
242: The drug keeps me asleep through the nite.  I had been waking 2 or 3 in the morning, but sleep until 5 or so now.  I have lost about 7 pounds since I started taking the drug, about 7 months.
243: it worked fine
244: Great for anxiety....the relaxed feeling makes it easy to become dependent on the drug though, so be careful with that.
245: i took xanax for yrs and it did what it needed to the only down side of course is I have to be having a attack for it to work. Which even for a few min is hard. And theres never anyway of controlling onsets so ur always on edge when out.
246: I can finally deal with crowds of people, going into stores and being by myself.
247: I have just started it but so far I sleep and am cloudy headed.
248: its like i am became dependent of using it becase stress, panic disorder and no sleep when i don't take it
249: ccccc
250: I have been prescribed 0.5mg xanax 3 times daily ,however I usually only take one before I encounter a stressful event or when I wake in the nite and begin to worry.It has greatly helped me and I have not had any withdraws when I choose not to take it.I also take Zoloft this alone generally controls my Panic issues.
251: Wish they prescribed these before the others so far so good
252: Has worked wonders.
253: I 've been taking this to help me sleep for about 2 months. It has been wonderful for sleeping. I cannot remember the last time I've slept so soundly (& all through the night). I usually take it an hour or 2 before I go to bed and wake up feeling refreshed and not groggy.
254: what are the side effets of useing this a long time?
255: This medicine has been a God send. When I get anxious I tend to also get angry and it prevents all anger. After reading other reviews, I agree it does taste terrible. As for the lady that her insurance stopped paying for it, it is a relatively inexpensive medicine. Although I use my local pharmacy which is around 22 dollars without insurance I believe it is a medicine that is involved with alot of the 4 dollar programs that exist in the area that I live in. Wal-Mart has the program and they are nation wide. I would look into that.  Read More Read Less
256: My blood preasure was high even with the blood preasure pills I was on. I relaxed and rested and felt much better a few hours later.
257: I have to admit that xanax has done the job of helping me with my panic disorder. I take 1mg daily and I could say that it helps me live like I did before my panic disorder ever started in my life.
258: I have suffered from depression and anxiety since earliest childhood due to a physically abusive parent and then an extremely poor marriage.  I began taking Alprazolam in my early thirties for extreme tinnitus.  Now,  at age 78, I take a 75 mg. capsule of Effexor XR daily and one mg. tablets of Alprazolam three-to-four times daily as needed.  I can truly say this has been a life saver for me...  Once in a great while I have a mild panic attack, but I can lead an otherwise normal life.  I purchase the generic Effexor XR in Canada, but the Alprazolam is unbelievably inexpensive and I purchase it at a local pharmacy.Read More Read Less
259: Being treated for "PTSD, Chronic, Severe" this medication kept me from senseless violence on several occasions.  If you have all of the listed symptoms also, please ask for this medicine.
260: fine
261: Never again!!! Beware everyone. This is a powerful benzo and I almost had a seizure or even worst. I took it as medicated by my psych for a month and a half every other day and before I new it, I could not function well without it. It was the most horrible experience I went through in my life!!! I have never wanted to die so bad in my life due to this. This is a Horrible drug to get hooked on. I had to go to Detox to get better. I could have had a Seizure. Read about withdrawals and educate yourself before taking this. BEWARE! Learn to manage your anxiety instead of this crap
262: If forgotten I have withdrawl symptoms even going from 1 to a 1/2
263: A very good, effective medicine for Anxiety and Panic Disorders.
264: Be careful of taking too many.  You forget easily.
265: what mg is this pill
266: Does Xanax work hell yes it does. Is it addictive Hell yes it is. Before you start know what you are getting into. Have a discussion with your doctor about a plan on how long you will be on it, a plan to taper off it, and a long term plan to deal with your anxiety. Xanax is a band aid and it has serious side effects. Anyone who says it doesn??t is a flat out liar. It messes with your memory for starters. You build up a tolerance quickly and will need a higher dose to get your desired effect. Once you have taken enough for long enough you can??t just stop taking it. You can have seizures and die. Many periodontal know this and doctors don??t bother mentioning it when the give or out. My advice would be only take it when you really need it and try to find a way to deal with your anxiety long term without this drug. Get therapy and find a way to deal with the issues causing that anxiety head on. Easier said than done. Good luck I know how you feel and wish you the bestRead More Read Less
267: I can see a slight difference with my anxiety and panic attacks I think maybe I need a higher dose I am still very anxious
268: Anxiety so frequent and lasting so long to the point, time consuming to accomplish the smallish of everyday duties, this helped me focus, to get things done, instead of feeling inadequate and mentally challenged.
269: Depression worsened
270: contols panic, and keeps me calm throughout normal activity, however it is very addictive, and once youve taken it, the days you dont have any are almost debilitating.
271: Be careful when taking this pill.  You can get addicted even if you take it exaclty how it is described.  It will definitely calm you down but it also eventually will make you not face your problems and go running to it when your chest gets a little bit tight.  Good if you don't have an addictive personality and don't like to run from your problems.
272: I use Alprazolam first for sleeping when I have a problem. I'm am now in the early stages of Parkinson's, and Aprazolam helps with the hand tremors and the aniety issues with this disorder.
273: I suffered from a brutal childhood and now with a diagnosis of PTSD, (Vietnam Vet.) I diagnosed by a board certified DO, and a psychiatrist who also agreed. With the addition of Elavil at bed time the nightmares a and daily morning severe anxiety, fear upon waking are very well controlled. As a Navy medic we used these med's which in most cases alleviated (permanently) all symptoms. Xanax was developed and marketed as a non addicting form of valium which is. In my experience I can now alleviate the pain of severe anxiety every morning. It may be psychologically addicting for some but that's it! I now live a more normal life than ever before going back all the way to my days in Vietnam. I wish more doctors would drop their bad opinions so that more people would not have to suffer!          Read More Read Less
274: Blue 1mg Xanax Makes Anyone Feeling Down, Feel Amazing In A Matter Of 20 Minutes!
275: I am taking this medication for strong mood swings.  I can not beleive how much it has helped in the few days that I have been taking it.
276: im 20 and diagnosed with GAD and the doc gave me a script for .50mg x2 a day... been taking just over a month... this drug has made a huge difference in my life... i used to panic for everything, i had to quit my work cuz of it. but after i got the script, i can actually live out my life without having an attack almost everyday.... the only thing that kinda gets me worried is the withdraw symptoms.... not to fond of seizures... but over all, alprazolam worked for me... gave me my my life back.
277: it reduces anxitey and tension
278: I have been on several mess and nothing worked. My doctor out me on alprazolam and it's been great for me. I'm happy
279: originally started with Xanax 20 years ago; I had severe panic attacks. this medication helps tremendously, I miss the original Xanax because alprazolam causes me to feel sleepy. Still no complaints!
280: Compared to other 2mg xanaxes. This drug is only 1/2 as potent. You have to take twice as much to reach full satisfaction. Hence GENERIC I GUESS.
281: no relief
282: fORsimple anxiety many drugs may help but for those of us with long term Aniety Disorder and Chronic Phobias I had found NO drug as effective and fast at bringing my  nervous system to a normal state and being able to live a productive life. I have have all kinds of therapy but nothing has been as effective as this drug along with behavioral therapy.
283: Helps to relax me in order to get a reasonably good night's sleep.
284: Paxil pretty much drives you crazy in the long run. Withdrawls are extremely severe and can last months. Some of the effects still linger after years.    Xanax controls the panic attacks and you shift the dosage as needed. Works far better.
285: I've tried several other anti-anxiety medications and this one seems to work the best for me. Doesn't make me tired. I'm on a maintenance dose, not an as needed basis but it has worked well for me..
286: I have tried or still use Ambein (12.5 mg), Lorazapam (2 mg) and Tamazapam (15 mg). Tamzapam is completely ineffective. Lorazapam requires 4.5 mg to put me to sleep). Ambein is effective if I use 18.25 mg). Xanax works quite well with 4 mg. If I want more than 4-5 hours sleep I take 12.5 mg Ambein with 2 mg of Xanax. I end up using various combinations of these medications because most doctors freakout at the prospect of habituation. One doctor told me at 66 years old I should take Xanax as little as possible so I get .5 mg tabs and take every other day. Like this is supposed to do something? .5 mg has no effect on occasional anxiety. I use Librium 25 mg on jet flights for anxiety and it works fine. Best all around drug for insomnia, anxiety, and muscle spasms is Valium but that's dangerous medication when taking Oxycondone. For basic insomnia Xanax works best for me.Read More Read Less
287: im calm
288: The medication works great at first, then, you need more to keep it working.  Now I am up to 6mg/day and desperately want to get off of it safely.
289: I was having anseity over work and a death in the family. Since using this drug I am able to sleep and no lon\ger requiring severla cups of coffee to make it through the day.
290: I suffer panic attacks. When an attack grabs hold of me, I put 1/2 of a 1 mg under my tongue and within minutes the attack is stopping. Without it, the attacks last longer and repeat over and over. I was told to take 2 a day but I still only take it when I need it. This way I avoid the "addiction" reaction that the doctors are afraid of.
291: i have been on the 1 mg tablet foe about a amonth now and it have really changed my life for the good. i take 2 a day and feel like i have my life back. i dont wake up nervous like i used to either.
292: very effective
293: This drug has helped me have a "normal" life again. I am not controled by anxiety anymore - I am having fun again. I even enjoy flying again. Have had no side affects. No problems.
294: I am a very active person. This medication leaves me drowsie and very low energy. I sleep alot.
295: It works well with the combination of Medical Cannabis for my pain,panic,ptsd and social anxiety disorder.
296: jut makes me become in a relaxed state .    And then a bit hungry !
297: BEWARE! Very effective for anxiety disorder. Should you ever stop taking a benzodiazapine, the withdrawal symptoms, even with slow tapering, can be treacherous. I was unable to even function for many months.
298: I take this drug because I have a fear of traveling somewhere that has no bathrooms. These panic attacks are totally in my head and this drug calms me down and keeps me from getting stomach cramps and diarreah when I travel. It has given me control of my life again. no side effects, I love it
299: Even though it is an addicting substance, it has helped me for years. If I never had this drug, I would still be having panic episodes. (1mg per day)
300: i have been taking this drug for seven years.i can not tell you how much it has helped me. i have had anxiety since i was sixteen, this drug has been a blessing to me. i take 1mg. a day as my dr. said. i have no side effects. it also helps my fibromyalgia! it may be habit forming, but i had rather take the drug than suffer for not taking it at all. i would never take more than the dr. says.
301: take it at bedtime to relax and help me fall asleep. it works.i take a .5mg. sometimes i dont need it for long periods of time. no problems when i stop taking it. then pressure builds up again, anxiety and worry kicks in and i go back on it before bedtime.
302: use to help me relax and not constantly worry about work when im at home.
303: I have hep c, very cureable kind so they put me on interferon and i could not sleep, and they put me on Alprazolam, it did not help me sleep at all. I have not slept a good night sleep in a week. I have pychotic episodes from all this so i quit all meds on my doctors say so, and now i can not sleep at all
304: I have been taking them since late winter. I'm sure if your here you already know about anxiety. Skipped school, horrible insomnia, and I also have a visual disorder from previous illicit drug use that is made worse by anxiety.    Some days, the anxiety would get so bad I really felt crazy. I had to break down what every person I saw look at me was thinking by their expressions. Much worse was how exaggerated/unrealistic it was, and how it didn't really matter anyways.    The doctor was a little reluctant to give me the medication (I felt like), admitting being a previous drug abuser. She did though, thankfully. I told her I only wanted the drugs on a as needed basis. I was against SSRI's or MAOI's because I've heard from people that it's made many worse, and some suicidal.    Not that it helps I am a big person and asked for a more moderate dose of 2 mg after a couple weeks.    So far so good. There are weeks that I need to take it everyday, and then I'll be fine for a month or so and not even think about taking any.    The anxiety is a funny thing though, feeling as if I don't really deserve them. I break it down into: What is the point at which I need medication? Anxiety can not kill you. But neither can a headache, what point do I ask for help? Probably the point at which I am not sleeping, or going to school, and my relationships are hurting because of it. But I constantly try to talk myself down for it.    But the medication helps me relax a good deal. In the initial few weeks I took it, I almost had a panic attack just from the anxiety of take the pill itself.    I have been addicted to drugs before, and personally am a strong willed person. The doctor told me she didn't want me to get addicted. Withdraw from alprazolam can be fatal. Literally. But so far so good. No urge to use the drug when not needed at all.    That happens to be a side effect of my visual disorder (HPPD). I have built a fear of pycho-altering chemicals. So no abuse.Read More Read Less
305: my panic episodes have been fewer since i have been taking this medication
306: I was taking this medication on and off for about a year for anxiety, and suggested by my rheumatologist to help me sleep for my Fibromyalgia. My anxiety was very mild when I started this medication, but I noticed after taking this medication, my anxiety worsened to the point where I could not funtion. I would panic while driving, and also panic at work and in most social situations. I also became afraid of being alone. I knew this was not normal, and my doctor and I knew that the medication was having an adverse effect on me. Several physicans and a therapist told me that they would not consider Alprazolam to be a recommended daily treatment for anxiety.. it does work, and it can be part of a treatment plan, although it's more of a med for when you actually have the anxiety attack. I am happy that it works for some and it has changed people's lives, but afraid for the people it has caused issues for. I am very grateful that I did not experience and withdrawl symptoms, and I hope for nothing but the best for those of you that have or will struggle with them. Everybody reacts to medications differently, and what works for some may not work for others, but always do what's best for you, and check with your doctor. Take Care!Read More Read Less
307: not as effective as my other brand greenstone  they  should fix their problem
308: I've had night-time anxiety attacks since my son was born.  Not sleeping well has caused all sorts of daytime problems.  I take a low-dose of this at bedtime now.  I sleep well and feel much better the next day.  When I don't take it, I really feel the difference.  I was worried about taking a drug at night because I need to be able to wake up if my son needs me - this has not caused any problems in that area.  I wake up, take care of him, and am able to get back to sleep.
309: i have taken this drug for 30 years, works great for me, know that is habit forming
310: keeps me alive
311: Xanax keeps my anxieties at bay.  I have tried most benzos such as Klonopin (which never worked for me at any dose...no effect), ativan (probably works 2nd compared to Xanax...not as strong) and also Valium otherwise known as Diazapam...which did help me for some time but not as much as the Xanax.  I would say that the Xanax is most effective with my anxiety/panic attacks.  Not only does it prevent them, it stops them in their tracks.
312: This medications is great.  My only issue is it makes me sleepy so I can only take it at night.  Otherwise, it works superbly to calm my anxiety and fear.
313: This medication has helped me greatly.
314: Help control my panic attacks
315: Ive had anxiety for 12 years this med has helped but ive been on it steady for two years  the withdrawls are very extreme! My body is now totally dependant on it so even if I dont need one I still have to take it I could do without the dependance of it.I dont like having to take a pill to live my life and be addicted to it having a choice is one thing not having one is not my memory is fading and i am experiencing extreme weight gain cronic fatigue and other health problems now there is not a day that goes by that i feel good and enjoying my day with my kids is out of the question its sad and disapointing im not  and never have been any kind of adict but i sure feel like one and hate it thats not living a normal life its all just a mask once it weres off its feeding time again I dont want my life controled by a drug that cant fix my problem I want my condition fixed in a non addicting way.Read More Read Less
316: I do not know the manufacturer of this pill I am taking. It is different from the original Xanax I was taking. These do NOT work at all.
317: Alprazolam has calmed the anxiety or anxiousness in stressful stituations. Used irregularly.
318: After one week I do not get upset if some  thing small I did wroug.I can concentrate 0n things longer.
319: for arimythia of my heart
320: brief periods of use when going to the dentists and so on
321: I FIRST TRIED THIS  DRUG WHILE TAKING CARE OF HUSBAND DURING HIS LAST TWO WEEKS OF TERMINAL MELANOMA.  THEN WENT OFF.THEM.  I ALSO TAKE CARE OF MY MOTHER SO ITS BEEN STRESSFUL AND MY BP WAS GOING UP AND  I AM TAKING THIS AGAIN AND BP CAME RIGHT DOWN AND I CAN HADLE EACH DAY NOW....AND I FEEL NORMAL AGAIN
322: When medicatopm wears off further anziety occurs along with the shakes.
323: How long does it stay in system
324: I take 0.5 Alprazolam about 50% of the time to aid sleep or if i think a situation is going to be very stressful. No bad side effects. Been five years. Competitive triathlete age group champion-no side effects maybe some gas which can be funny ! recommend .
325: This is a wonderful medication.  I have been on it for 25 years off and on again.  I have taken as much as 3mg daily, and as little as .5mg daily.  I can sleep at night when I take it.  Once when I had to take a brief break, my MD removed it all at once.  I was so nauseous that the world moved too fast spinning on its axis.  Now I taper off gradually.  No nausea.  It's not expensive.  90 1mg tabs generic without any insurance only costs about $14 monthly at my local pharmacy.
326: Only concern is dependency
327: Ive been on a low dose of Xanax for anxiety and ever since Ive started, Ive felt MISERABLE. If I'm not on the medication, I find myself very depressed and my anxiety is even worse. But on the up side, I feel NO anxiety when I'm on it.
328: I have been taking 1mg 3x's a day for about 11 yrs. Then I was put on 3mg (xanax XR) for about 2yrs now. It works wonders, no more panic or anxiety attacks, it keeps me calm all day, but i still have trouble sleeping, so I take the regular xanax (2mg) before i go to bed. Now i sleep with no problem, and feel refreshed in the morning without being drowsy!! Hope this was helpful...<:)
329: it treats panic attacks quick. The only medication that has done well with my panic disorder
330: helps me getting good sleep,feel fresh in the morning.
331: I have been taking this medication on and off through out my adult life. I have never experienced any negative side effects. At night it helps me sleep, and during the day it eliminates any potential anxiety attacks, and it has the ability to help cope with everyday stress in a clear and conscious manor. I definitely recommend it!
332: This does make you feel groggy and tired and when I take it I do fight to stay awake, but it has worked better than any medication I have taken. If I can find stuff to keep me busy I stay wide awake. This has made things easier and made me more social around people and I was happy again and my attacks were very rare or not that bad
333: Stops anxiety and depression.  No tiredness.  Feel fine without anxiety increase. No need for me to use higher strength
334: Xanax is an excellent drug for treatment of panic and anxiety.  I have been taking .25 tablets split in half as needed for many years with no side effects.  Put under the tongue it will relieve symptoms in under 20 minutes.  The side effects increase dramatically the higher the dosage, so discuss with your Dr., esp. if you are taking over 3mg per day. Generally, if you are taking less than 1 mg per day you should not experience significant withdrawal and can just take as needed.  Just having the Xanax with me makes me feel more able to deal with my anxiety, as I know I can take it if I need it.  It's been a lifesaver for me.Read More Read Less
335: Had the .25's 2-3 times a day as needed... got on the ER version for ease, and i feel very calm, and i am not as jittery anymore.  If I notice an attack it starts to go away within a few minutes much better than hours.. Effected by lowered libido, weight gain and very mild drowsiness
336: does help
337: i have had depression and panic attacks bad anziety attacks since 8 years thru teen years and married life i have mental illness, i didnt live a normal life till 2005 when i got alprazolam. i live a normal life now and after 14 years of being on it.the doctors wants me off. i will not go back to living infear for anyone .this med has helped me. i do not show any side affects of this med/  i live now and not in fear of living like all my life./
338: this medication makes me very sleepy. i take .5 mg once a day. it definately helps my anxiety level though. its a trade off. if you have mild-moderate anxiety, and you don't mind feeling a little groggy- then its a good choice
339: am able to sleep through the night-no morning after affects
340: I would really likr to tslk to someone who has got off of this med and tell me the best way to get off of it . I hate this drug. I have been on  it far  years and want off Help Please
341: This medication is a god sent.  It keeps me even keeled and I sleep great without the sluggish feeling when I get up (like sleeping pills do to me).  It has helped me through many difficult times in my life (death of a family member , bad relation ship and extreme stress at work).  I feel better than I ever have (even better than when I took an antidepressant).
342: I am not getting the results and I am getting more panic attack on the generic brand.  Need to see shapes and color. want to compare my medication with this sight
343: at first it was powerful then i found it was calming and soothing
344: Couldn't live  my life without fear struggling everyday to get out of bed to go to work. And having panic attacks and blacking out at work. I now have my life back!
345: I have suffered with panic attacks/social agoraphobia since in my teens.  I'm now in my 50's.  I have been on Xanax/Alprazolam for 30 years now.  Plain and simple...it works for me.  Before the medication, I would have terrible panic attacks.  I couldn't go out to eat, I couldn't go see a movie in a theatre, I couldn't get on a bus/plane or in an elevator, I couldn't be in crowded places.  Basically, I had a very difficult time functioning in social surroundings.  Once I was properly diagnosed by a very sweet, kind and understanding psychiatrist, I was placed on the drug and within days started feeling better.  I was able to concentrate more on the job, in my marriage, in social activities.  Basically, this drug saved me.  I have had to had the dosage increased and decreased at times, depending on my stress level.  The only side effect I have from it is mild drowsiness.  I take the med 2-3 times per day at a low dose now.  If I don't take it, my body tells me ... take your medication lady!  This drug has been around for a very long time, therefore not costly and it IS effective in treating my illness.  I am very stern when it comes to, if it ain't broke, don't fix it.  In my case, if it works, don't change it.Read More Read Less
346: My cardiologist prescribed this before my heart cath I was getting the next day.  I had been having chest pain/pressure and took a .5 times 2 in an hour and not only did I relax, but the chest pain went away.  The test showed normal so all I can assume is stress and these pills helped.  I will be telling my family physician and maybe he will prescribe something not addictive.
347: I suffer from advanced copd so its easy to see  why im anxious. Just the thought of not being able to breathe causes me many problems. For me its very helpful.
348: Help termendousely
349: it helps me somewhat , I don't want to get out of bed, once I take 1 0.5 tab, within a half an hour I feel much better
350: have suffered from panic anxiety disorder doe years , takes the edge off
351: I have taken .05 MG of alpraholz for some 35 years and just the past year I went to 1.0 MG which I've always taken at bedtime to sleep.  Is this amount a danger?
352: This along with my Celexa is the closest I've ever felt to living a normal life. I my early 20 I wrote myself off as just a permanent nutcase because of panic attacks, I didn't know this happened to other people.I self medicated with alcohol but this got me in trouble. Once I got and stayed one this for my anxiety and severe panic attacks plus celexa for my depression I have managed to keep the gun outta my mouth very effectively. Don't freak, gun in Mouth is a term for depression and panic attack, I'm not suicidal.Read More Read Less
353: About 6 years ago I started having episodes as I was calling them.My heart would race, I would start to get tunnel vision ang more than once I blacked out...It was very scary...I went to the ER during one of these episodes and the doc told me that I had an anxiety attack.I laughed at him,then I saw a therapist and she officially diagnosed me with severe and social anxiety.She put me on zanax and it took about 2 weeks and I could go back out and do all the things I use to do with out feeling like I was trapped! Zanax is very addictive but taken properly can work!!!Read More Read Less
354: Under too much stress due to an upcoming surgery, was careprover for disabled son, felt the heaviness of stress on my chest.  My dr prescribed the med right away...due to a lifestyle of prolonged stress I am relieved to have it when I feel stressed to the point I can't sleep, or wake up and can't get back to sleep.  I only take it as needed.  Does not have a drowsey affect in the morning.  Doesn't seem to stay in the system very long.
355: I have been taking this medication for close to 1 year now, it helps me gently fall asleep but does not knock me out, I wake rested and alert. I have forgotten to take several times and it did not affect me to the point of not being able to fall asleep. It just relaxes me and I fall asleep much faster and with ease.
356: I redosed my dose and was not taking any, but now I am getting anxious at night and unable to get to sleep.  Started taking 0.5 mg. at night.  Also on Depakote, Amitriptylin, and Lexapro.  I have mild sleep apnea.  I have been wheezing, snoring, and having trouble breathing.  I don't know if this could be caused by the medications I take?  My husband has to wake me up and I'm unaware of it.
357: I think this stuff is magic.  I take a half of the strongest dose (peach color) and within an hour I am ready to go night night.  And when I wake in the morning I feel totally rested with no sleepy after effects.  Love it and take it occassionally just to relax the overloaded brain now and then.
358: I am a Male, 73 yrs old. I have been taking this medication,since it came on the market,(about 45 yrs). I am totally satified,and suffer no side affects.I would be lost,,,without it.
359: works great on to relaxing mussels from broke neck so less pain a plessing
360: I have depression, anxiety disorder, panic disorder and chronic insomnia (the latter since onset of menopause. I am prescribed venlafaxine ER, alprazolam and clonazepam. All three of these drugs, taken as prescribed work very well for me with very few side effects.  Taking alprazolam oral and clonazepam with food seems to have an "extended release" effect.  I take the clonazepam at night and try to do it on as empty a stomach as possible for the insomnia, so it will kick in fast and I can fall asleep in less than 4 hours, or not at all!  God knew what he was doing when me made these drugs.  It's humans that abuse them or use them for the wrong reasons that give controlled substances a bum rap!!  Read More Read Less
361: THIS DRUG HAS HELPED ME GREATLY. IT IS ALSO VERY ADDICTIVE. I WISH I COULD GET OFF OF THIS DRUG. THE SIDE EFFECTS IF I MISS MY DOSE MAKES ME FEEL AS IF I HAVE A DEMOND INSIDE OF ME TRYING TO BURST ITS WAY OUT OF MY ENTIRE BODY.MY ADVICE TO ANYONE WHO HAVE JUST STARTED TAKING THIS DRUG TO STOP. DO NOT START. IT SEEMS AS THOUGH I AM TRYING TO FIGHT MY WAY OUT OF HELL. GOD HELP ME.
362: IF YOU HAVE SEVERE ANXIETY,I HAVE FOUND THAT THIS DRUG IS THE ONLY ONE THAT WILL WORK AND CONTINUE TO WORK FOR YEARS. I HAVE TAKEN THIS MED. FOR 17 YEARS AND IT STILL HELPS MY ANXIETY.
363: I am a diabetic and my sugar seems to drop low when I take .5 at night
364: I have acute panic disorder so luckily I don't need to take this medication daily, for me it gave me my life back.I was diagnoised in the 1970's with agoraphobia, I knew I wasn't afraid to leave my home, so when I was finally diagnosed with a pamic disorder I was finally given the correct treatment.I use Doxipen for depression and it seems to help with the panic disorder..Instead of a panic attack daily, sometimes I can go weeks without one..
365: I have been prescribing alprazolam for many years and although it is effective I am concerned about its abuse and propensity to cause dependence...I have patients who get a panic disorder like syndrome upon its being withdrawn... even at a slow withdrawal rate...so I am prescribing it less and less often...
366: It is the only drug I have taken that is effective in helping me sleep.
367: Would like to know the other mg. this drug comes in? I am only recieving 1mg and it doesn't seem to be helping.
368: started taking when i had anxiety attacks.
369: This medication works, however the side effect of upset, gassy stomach is iritating.  Are there others with the same problem?  I am wondering if something else works as well, without producing the gas?
370: helps to sleep longer, trying to ease off, take one half pill, skip a day, start over
371: I have anxiety and panic disorders I am currently also taking Effexor and Alprazolam as needed.  At the most and during my worst panic or anxiety attacks 1mg is all I need to get through it.    Taking Alprazolam makes me the closest to normal.
372: This pill helps "take the edge off" when I feel myself starting to get worked up, which occurs more often than not.  This pill puts me in a state of utter relaxation.  Simply put, I don't have a care in the world.  I am feeling a drowsiness started to coerse its way through entire body.
373: this medication has been very helpfull iv tried all other benzo medication and this one seems to work the best for me
374: This medication has calmed me down without putting me into an ozone state of mind, which was exactly what I requested of my physician.
375: It helps me not worry from my anxious behavior.  when not on it I allways think something bad is going to happin to my famiy and that gets me really depressed and it allows my to sleep
376: I experience random panic attacks (rarely...just a few times a year) and general anxiety at random times as well, often times at night. This drug works wonders. Although I was hesitant at first to take this drug becuase of warnings of addictiveness, I am not addicted to it, as I do not take it everyday, but only when necessary. Whenever I experience anxiety during the day, I just take a tablet and it helps sooo much with my interactions with others. When I experience anxiety at night, it does not force me asleep by knocking me out like other sleep aids, but rather allows me to relax to the point where I can fall asleep instead of being kept awake worring and suffering from anxiety. As long as you take it as directed, I would reccomend this drug to others. I tried lexapro for awhile, but it did not work at all for me.  I am very satified and would reccomend this drug to anyone suffering from anxiety or panic attacks.Read More Read Less
377: Anxiety can be such a horrible feeling!! It is a fairly new experience (w/in the last year) for me brought on (I think) by a very stressful job. Was just recently prescribed Alprazolam for stress related chest pains(tests ruled out heart issues), feelings of panic at times, and BP pushed higher by stress.  I take .5 as needed and have not noticed any dependance effects or side effects.  I am able to function well at work and notice that I don't feel drugged, just not as overly worried or stressed about things like usual.  Some days I will need to take all 3 pills (while bp meds are being adjusted and i'm worried about high bp), others only 1 at night or not at all.  I will be careful of dependancy now though, after reading the other posts.  All in all, I would highly recommend based on my experience.  I'm the type who would rather not take a pill, but in this case I am so glad I did...Read More Read Less
378: how much of a dose for pantic or generized disorder anxiety
379: It's addictive,which I don't like.
380: keep heart palpation down from happening..
381: This medication has worked great...over the years I have had to have it increased this....
382: I am so glad that this is available for sleep! I had a lot of negative side effects with ambien type drugs!
383: the treatment is working I sleep good at night.
384: I am wondering if this drug causes gas in anyone else. This is a serious question
385: I was put on this medication 22 years ago after a complete hysterectomy. Not being able to take the hormone pills. This has worked great. I function very well with it. It's 2019, and all the dr's want to take you off it. Called control! Well it's too late, and I am thinking about the ER pill of this may keep it in my system longer and not having to take it 4  x daily. It will be like pulling teeth with the dr. But yes this works very well for Anxiety, panic attacks and etc.
386: helps great with my episodes
387: I take it before dental and medical appointments and on rare occasions when I have panic attacks or anxiety that isn't relieved with my usual coping skills (journaling, deep breathing, meditation, etc).  It helps within a few minutes and makes a huge difference and it has made my life so much easier knowing I have it with me so I can relax instead of panic and get sick.
388: This medication works well for anxiety and panic disorder. I have been on it for 4 years. NOW I WANT TO GET OFF OF IT!!!! I wish I had been told about the long term use of it. I am about to lose my job, because when I don't have the correct amount in my system I start to have withdrawls. You must go off this med slowly. I spent all day at the ER and then they gave me .05 of this and I started to fell better. I just want to get off of it. I am starting the taper process.
389: I know this med. helps me with my anxiety, but I have in-laws who stereotype the med.
390: makes me very sleepy, used as a sleep aid.
391: i have been on a very low dosage, and its losing its effectiveness.
392: I am in a public sales career and the occasional meds I take for Panic Attacks does nothing to control the fear of being in public with people I know and don't know.
393: sucks that this is considered addictive but antidepressants aren't? try getting off effexor...
394: i was first rx this med in 1989 after death of mother, brother, sister in 1 yr, then job stress, inability to sleep, concentrate ,irriatable, i take the lowest dose .25 4 times a day - 2 at bedtime and i no longer need ambiem to sleep, nor paxil for depression, i have no adverse reactions, i don't know about withdrawal  as i've not had to. i am thankful for this med.
395: I had tried numerous SSRI medications in the past and a few of the other benzo's example klonopin. and nothing worked until I found Xanax
396: I've always been an anxious person.  So much so that it pretty much took over my life to the point where I didn't want to go anywhere or be around anyone.  I've been on this for 10 years now and couldn't be happier.  If it means that I have to take this 4 times a day for the rest of my life, I'll do so because it makes me feel so at ease.  For me, the benefits outweigh the risks.  I tried antidepressants in the past, but I honestly felt more anxious and had a flat affect for what seemed like all the time.  They made me feel down and out, so I stopped taking them.Read More Read Less
397: Seems to have calming effect
398: This drug has helped me tremendously. There have been no side effects to date and have taken for over a year.
399: I have been taking Xanax 0.5MG, one twice a day for about 13 years for nervious tension/anxiety. This dose works very well for me, I do not feel the need to increase my dose. My doctor retired and my new doctor said they are to take all of their patients off of this drug. I am seeking a second opinion. It works and I never have asked for an increase in the dose so I do not see why they would want to take me off of it. Some days I don't even take my second dose (about 2 days out of 7).This is a good treatment for nervious tension.I will see my new doctor today, so we will see what he thinks.Read More Read Less
400: I have been on Xanax--this time--going on 14 years and do not know what or how I would function without it. Of course, my tolerance has increased, therefore, my dosage has done the same but this medication works well for me. I am finishing up on 8/15/2014 my first round of a 7-week, 5 days per week radiation, in addition to 2-weeks on/2-weeks off, then 6 straight week-days of chemo (cisplatin & etoposide (VP16)for 3rd stage lung cancer. After this Friday, I have been told my body will get a month or more of time to recoup and restrengthen, which I am soooooo looking forward to and I said all that to say this, I could not have gotten through what all I have been through and stay sane without my anxiety medicine.                                                                                                                                                                            Read More Read Less
401: It has helped with my anxiety, and I have been on this medication for about 10 years and yes it is addicting and it's true you cannot stop taking this medication cold turkey.  It can cause some people to act compulsively, gambling, shopping addictions, it has happened to me with shopping, but since I am not aware of the side-effects and everyone should familiarize with the side-effects, it can be a good drug, but with caution.
402: it only works if i take it once in a while, cant take it 2 days in a row, the 2nd day wont feel a thing
403: I take it for insomnia (waking up in the middle of the night). Initially Dr. prescribed .25 mg but over time required a higher dosage to maintain effectiveness. Dr. now prescribing .75mg per day.
404: This drug is great for quick relief from a panic attack, but not something you should take daily.  you will build a tolerance quickly.  if you have frequent/daily panic attacks, try something less habit forming.
405: I origanally was prescribed this med for anxiety but now I take it to help me fall to sleep at night. It seems to help me get a good night sleep.
406: CHANGING OF COLORS SO OFTEN, FROM BLUE TO YELLOW
407: I am a 26 year old male who never had anxiety before.  It came really quick and all of a sudden.  Tightness in the chest, worry, shakiness, etc....I am able to deal with the symptoms during the day, but at night I usually have to take .5-1mg in order to sleep.  Xanax works really quick for me and within 20 minutes I usually feel like I'm floating!  It last pretty long and to be honest with I still play indoor soccer and regular soccer during the week.  My only question or concern is that sometimes when I don't take it at night, it's very hard to fall asleep!  I was up to 6am the other morning because my mind wouldn't shut down.  Other than that, this drug has worked well.  Very good for traveling in planes and for public situations that might make you nervous.  I just hate having to rely on pills to be normal.  I wish there was some natural remedies that worked for me.  Best of luck to you all with your conditions!  God bless!Read More Read Less
408: Very effective also very habit forming.  Withdrawal is horrendous.
409: When I get extremely anxious I take a .25 mg and it works well for a couple of days and then I get anxious again for 3 - 4 days and want to take another.  I don't and finally calm down for 20-30 days.  I wonder if the Xanax is possibly causing some anxiety.
410: Jeg fr sovet lidt nr ntterne er meget svre
411: My son who was 18 at the time became addicted to Xanax, 25 years later he still suffers the side effects of his addiction.  I would strongly suggest this drug not to be prescribed and look for other alternatives.
412: My treatment has been very well,however i have had trouble getting a hold of my Doc. at times and she dose not seem to care for me like she use to. I have had a very bad couple of months and so stressed I don'even want to get out even to the store and my hair is falling out.And it effects my Blood pressure.I would not wish this on know one,I know Iv' been on it so long I just cant go off of it so easy.It has helped with my Cronic Depression and Bypolar.I just wish Doctors cared liked they used to.Read More Read Less
413: really doesnt calm me still anxious would like to try something else.but dont want to get addicted to anything
414: I HAVE BEEN ON THIS MEDICATION FOR 5YEARS,(OFF AND ON FOR YEARS BEFORE NOW)I DIDNT REALIZE YOU GET ADDICTED TO THIS BUT ITS TOO LATE NOW,I GET REAL SICK WHEN I RUN OUT,AND FOR SOME REASON IN DALLAS,TX.ITS SO HARD TO FIND DR.WHO WILL GIVE THIS SCRIP.DUE (WHAT I HEARD) THERE ARE PEOPLE OUT THERE WHO ABUSE IT,SELL IT AND THE DR.'S GET IN TROUBLE AND THE ONE DOING THAT MESS IT UP FOR PEOPLE LIKE ME WHOM REALLY HAVE ALOT OF DISORDERS.PONT IS,I REALLY DEPEND ON THIS MEDICATIN TO HELP ME WHEN I FREAK OUT.SO IT DOES HELP ME,JUST WISH IT WASNT A ADDICTIVE DRUG! ITS WORSE THAN (HERION )I AM TOLD BY OTHERS WHOM USED BEEFORE.THANK YOURead More Read Less
415: Due to a recent break-up, especially around the holiday season, I needed something that would help with the anxiety, depression and that horrible feeling in the pit of my stomache.  Although he was hesitant, my doctor prescribed Alprazolam to try for a couple of weeks.  I'd have to say that it has been very effective.  I only take 1/2 of a .5mg pill when I feel the anxiousness coming on and within about 15 minutes I feel much calmer, yet not "drugged".  I can function normally throughout my work day and I feel it actually helps me concentrate better and be more productive.  I'm not saying this is a miracle drug, it has just helped me through getting over the holiday slump and depression.Read More Read Less
416: helps with panic attacks and anxiety
417: helps some what
418: with this medication i am able to work and be around groups of people without it i have bad panic and anxity attacks
419: Prescribed after open heart surgery for anxiety.  Worked within minutes to make me feel like myself.  No side effects noted.
420: I experienced not having to take the regular xanax every 4 hrs. as prescribed and not having to carry my meds on me at all times. Also my nightly dose runs into the morning so I still feel at ease because it carries over till the morning dose kicks in. I recomend it for all reasons above. It works better than any other medication in and out of the benzo family for these illnesses.
421: This medication has been extremely helpful for me.  I have GAD and Panic Disorder.  I went through a divorce, bankruptcy and home foreclosure all in a year, and I just totally lost myself.  I cried day and night, never slept, couldn't function at work, couldn't take care of my kids.  My doctor put me on this medication 0.5mg 3xday and now i can function again.  My kids are happy that I am smiling again.  I'm able to do my job again, and I dont cry at the drop of a hat. They coupled this med with Paroxetine (generic paxil) and I am already feeling so much better.Read More Read Less
422: I find I need to take more then I have been perscribed and my doctor will not change the dosage!
423: TOOK OVER THREE MONTHS FOR DR.'S TO EXPLAIN HOW BEST TO USE THIS MED. NOW ITS EFECTIVE  BUT I SUFFER  A LOT OF HAVING TO SLEEP WITHIN A HALF HOUR AFTER TAKING THIS MED.  i WAS FIANLY TOLD TO TAKE MY PAIN MED (15MG OXY) AND THEN ONE HOUR LATER TO TAKE A .5 MG OF ALPZ, WITHIN HALF HOUR AFTER TAKING ALPZ I GET VERY DROUZY/SLEEPY USUALLY END UP NAPING FOR A HOUR OR MORE. PLAYS HECK WITH TRYING TO GET THINGS DONE, BUT KEEPS THE ANGZ AND PANIC UNDER CONTROL.
424: Been on 1.5 mgs a day for about a year but ive been on it since i was 14 im 24.. its the only medication that does anything for my anxiety. << Happy Girl.
425: This has help & saved my life,I went throught alot after my mom &dad got adivorce then my husbands dad died everything just got really bad then my Dr.told me i should have been treated 5 years ago,It help me sleep&go on with every day life,my kids thanks..idont know where i would be with out it right now.
426: all I can say is first pill and that panic feeling went bye-bye what I liked is only 1 when you feel stressed not 1 a day like with prozac only when you feel it commin on love it..
427: Today Dr. prescribed me, I am wondering can it may cause weight loss.
428: It gives me great satification from Anxiety attacks and worry
429: I have been taking alprazolam 1 MG up to 3 times a day for panic disorder and I really like how quickly it works. I only take it when I feel myself starting to have a panic attack and it should be noted that I also take klonopin 1 MG in the morning and at night for generalized anxiety disorder. The downsides of xanax are, for me at least, when it stops working, I get fairly intense headaches, and I do worry about how addicting it can be but my panic attacks were quite severe at times so, all in all I'm pretty happy with this drugRead More Read Less
430: After taking am very tired an hour to two afterward. The alternative of anxiety is ok but hard to function. Does not always kick in within 30 mins, sometimes takes longer. An agonizing wait, as you all know.
431: The ER or XR version is best for a once a day pill.
432: I don't what I really think about this medication. I will say for people who get full on panic attacks it is gold in a pill form. I used to hyperventilate to the point of almost passing out. But I stopped having panic attacks and I'm 26 now and had them from roughly age 22-23 then a few more throughout the years. But let's say I take it for general aniexty-a family issue arrises-etc it usually-no matter what strenght causes me to black out in a sense. I most often can't recolect any activity I do after taking 1mg of xanax. So I personally only realy keep it on hand for full on panic attacks and when I know I'll be home safe. But I want to warn ne1 who reads this -I know over a dozen people my age who have stolen from me for these pills. Their full on junkies with xanax. It's sad. It's just never done it like that to me-probaly bc I literally and medically needed it. So don't start if addiction runs in your family. ThanksRead More Read Less
433: I have a very hard time sleeping at night because I have asthma and sleep apnea. I take alot of medicine and I have anxiety really bad . This is the only thing that helps. Also I work with the public and this helps me to stay calm and not feel like I cant breathe.
434: When I was 19 years old I was diagnosed with Panic Disorder. My panic attacks were so debilitating, making it impossible to do much of anything. I couldn't study, work, or even go outside from fear of having another attack. I've been taking this medication for over six years and rarely have panic attacks. Bottom line, this works great for me.
435: I do find xanax to be habit forming.
436: eases anxioty andhelps panic attacks
437: I take this med when I am having difficulty sleeping which is NOT daily just when I have a lot on my mind and I can't stop "thinking" about what I have to get done at bedtime.  I always write a "to do list" to try to release my thoughts but sometimes it doesn't work. I have found this med to allow  me to calm my mind and body ergo enabling me to relax and fall asleep.  I take 0.25mg of this med so I have found it doesn't take much and it's not addictive.  I feel rested and calm when I awake in the morning.  Read More Read Less
438: work in a jail and has helped 100% with critical stress and dealing with inmates
439: ANXIETY DISORDER & extreamly severe axiety attacks and each one was always at a level 10-no in between! They included loss of consciousness,screaming,crying,loss of breath,shaking,and broken blood vessels all over my face from the tension in my head. Without the xanax I had go to the ER everytime!Xanax mad me feel free of any worries I had or any fears.I became Extremly dependent on it & found myself getting into lots of trouble, when mixing it with alcohol & wine.Fatigue,memory loss and wieght gain added to the problem.I stayed in a deep depression for 5yrs trying to battle with my life & get it back to normal. I was in deep denial about the addiction because I never did drugs!But whether it is prescribed or not,it is a drug!I could take 13 tabs a day and still fuction! Now I have stopped taking xanax & have tried other natural methods for my anxiety disorder. They have worked for even me!Massage therepy,excersise, hot tea & night,& relying on god in prayer is the key to getting through ANYTHING!I AM OUT OF DEPRESSION AS WELL!Read More Read Less
440: I have been taking it for over a year now.  I dont suggest doing that.  Only use It when one's panic attakts are bad. The side effects over time get bad for me that is. otherwise use something like zoloft or prozac.
441: I feel more like myself. I don't cry at a drop of a hat anymore.Between cancer and kids it worked like a charm.  kat
442: anxiety
443: A 0.50 mg per day dosage aids in controlling severe anxiety due to PTSD
444: Helpful, not a miracle though.   I had anxieties about being immobile after surgery,  or helped.
445: Two years ago, because of asthma & other lung problems, I could not sleep.  As soon as I put my head on the pillow, the muscles in my chest would cramp & I would almost suffocate.  A Pulmonologist prescribed .5mg tab, 4 times a day.  NEVER did that.  I only took half of a pill at night and slept beautifully.  After several weeks, I did not need the pills & stopped taking them with no ill effect.  For the same chest muscle reasons, I have just started the pill again - half of .5mg - at bedtime & it is a marvel.  I'm actually able to sleep through the night to 5am or even later.  It is a delight not to be on a Vampire's schedule.  I feel quite good in the morning - no "drugged" feeling.  I know Xanax is something to be careful with, but it is marvelous for me so far.  Read More Read Less
446: excellent it works great,a must in my life.ease of use ,very easy when i don't have to go thru hell to get it which is the hardest thing to do.satisfaction is excellent with out it i can not funtion at all,withdrawls are totaly extremmmm.In closing I would like to say this is the onyl medication that has ever worked for me,also with out it I can never go back to work and or live a normal life.
447: This medication is helpful for me I can now take a half dose of my 0.5mg of alprazolam.
448: It works quick but it makes you tired.
449: This medication has allowed me to work and communicate without panic attacks.
450: I can deal with everyday problems instead of being scared.
451: Gods gift to mankind
452: This medication has been a huge relief for me.
453: Help me to clam down .Right away.
454: My doctor prescribed this for my insomnia and I was first taking 1mg at bedtime.  One night I had 3 seizures.  After that he increased the dose to include .25mg 3x daily.  I read some pretty horrifying stuff about this drug and wanted to get off of it but do so in a sane and safe manner.  I am now down to taking a .25mg tab and cutting it in half and then in half again (not easy).  My doctor is very supportive and wants a long slow reduction in order to avoid seizures, etc.  I highly recommend not taking this drug.  Do a google search and read about the difficulties people have had trying to get off of it.  NEVER quit taking it cold turkey.  I have NEVER abused ANY medications, but some are really dangerous. I am now exploring the world of essentials oils and more natural ways to deal with insomnia.Read More Read Less
455: Is this medicine habit forming?
456: only taking for one week.It is mild so i won't become addicted.It takes the edge off the episodes.
457: DRUG WAS EFFECTIVE FOR A BRIEF TIME ONLY.
458: within a half hour of taking the medication ,i fall asleep. when i wake up in the morning i feel well rested. i don't fell groggy at all.However it does make me dream some wierd dreams..
459: Help TO REST AND SLEEP AT NIGHT. In the morning I fell fresh to start anew day. Better than other pills make me tired cannot concetrate. Pill over the counter give me headaches
460: fast acting better than brand
461: what mg is good for you and how much can you take in a day. i take 3 a day
462: it help sometimes but not all the time
463: Been on 0.5 mg Alprazolam oral for several years. Weened myself off at one time and took Melatonin for 2 years. But then the Melatonin didn`t work anymore and I went back on the Alprazolam. I get 8-9 hours of deep sleep but have some side effects, like horrible dreams and an icky sensation through my body upon awakening. Also, dry mouth and a little balance problems while walking. But i can deal with it since I`m very sensitive to medicines and had severe problems with other drugs before. Alprazolam has been a life saver for me.  Read More Read Less
464: I HAVE BEEN DEALING BAD DEPRESSION I FEELING KILLING MY SALF FOR AWAILE, I WALT TO END THE PAIN FOR GOOD.this medicaion as help alot. no major side effects.
465: I can take .5 at nite about an hour before I go to bed. I'm asleep within an hour or so. I wake up the next morning feeling very rested.
466: with breathing treatment and for sleep at night
467: very satisfied with product, also take xanax along with apralzal, experience high prolactin in blood test, just wondering if   ither product taken for 30 yrs plus could cause the blood test at 68 to cause this increase??
468: This prescription drug has done me wonders going about a normal life without anymore panic attacks and blackouts, it sometimes makes me sleepy but it's worth having a calmer day.
469: it calms my nerves
470: ive taken a few things and this is the only thing that helps with my anxiety and allows me to still work!!!!
471: only used occasionally going to bed at night when I feel anxiety or a panic attack  coming on.I pill o.25,this is the only time this happens.In last six months I had to use about 10 pills.
472: I am sleeping well. No side effects.
473: I have had insomnia all of my life and really just learned to live with this condition. After the doctor perscribed Alprazolam, I began to sleep throught the night and realized what I have been missing!I do not feel at all groggy the next day and am very rested.
474: I have been taking this medication for anxiety & depression. I am taking .05 mgs. Can I just syop taking with drug with no side affects and start taking Fluoxetine HCL 20mg cap, without any side affects???
475: I've suffered from panic attacks (usually while driving) and depression for 40 years.  Alprazolam ER 2mg with Alprazolam 0.5 mg (prn) has truly saved my life.  Anxiety attacks are no joke!  I loved to travel - and with this med I was able to fly 3 hrs to Chicago from Raleigh and back (a miracle back in the 80's - 90's).  Unfortunately, with age - people tend to add more disease diagnoses, more meds and maintenance meds often lose their effectiveness over the years. Yet there is so little emphasis on mental illness (Why?!) ... that newer, more effective meds, treatments or surgeries just don't exist.  At least not in this country!  Xanax remains the premium, most effective treatment. Yet, the stigma still persists in an ignorant place.  Our gov't keeps making these meds (not drugs!) more costly and harder for patients to access.  "Show your ID!" Fewer, if any refills, etc.  Just because "some people" abuse drugs - does NOT make it OK to threaten, harass, punish or make it more difficult for (patients!) through no fault of their own - to obtain the meds they NEED for their dx. condition.  "Tricyclics" (in the 80's) were the only meds I was ever prescribed that worked for me better than Xanax or any anti-depressants ... they worked well!  But were (somehow) discontinued or fell out of favor.  Who cares if they get TD (maybe) if they can have a normal, decent life again!  Or if they don't commit suicide because they can't get the help/meds they need ... Your health involves your "Mind + Body + Spirit" all intricately working together.  Problems with one - involve ALL of the rest.  Thank you.  Retired RNC, BSN (20 yrs)Read More Read Less
476: Physically and mentally, I felt good taking regular Xanax (just drowsy all the time), but I was tired of taking a half of 0.25 mg, 4x's a day. So I asked my doctor to prescribe the generic XR version, 1 mg. On the first day, I felt great!!! The drug worked wondered stablizing my panic/anxiety attacks (which are far and few between). I'm also taking a colon cleanser to counteract weight gain. After weighing myself this evening, the scale read 4 addtional pounds from my last weigh in which was yesterday morning. I've consumed healthy foods ALL DAY so I don't understand why I'm experiencing such a tremendous weight gain. I'm going to give Xanax XR a week. If my weight continues to get out of control despite my efforts to maintain a managable diet, I'm going to request my doctor to switch me back to the regular Xanax. Other than that, I feel fantastic!!!Read More Read Less
477: I used to have anxiety going  to the dentist for  30yrs.  Finally after 30yrs. I did 1/2 MG.of alprazolam 1 hour and 10 min.befoe my visit and I was so relaxed. Unbelieveable. The pill was great.
478: Since cardiac surgery I have had panic attacks..not so bad as many I've heard of, but bad enough to prevent a good night's sleep.  So then I need one at bedtime (and I only take the lowest dose, but will take another if I don't fall asleep within the hour. On rare occasions, if I am feeling particularly anxious, I will take one during the day.  I would not suggest taking Xanax and then driving. It DOES make you sleepy.
479: Still unable to sleep
480: I have found alprazolam to be very helpful for my anxiety/panic disorder.
481: This medicine helps my Chronic pain also. It helps my severe anxitey and panic disorder too. It helps me sleep at least 6 hours a night too.
482: IF YOU HAVE AN ADDICTIVE PERSONALITY,STAY AS FAR AWAY FROM THIS DRUG AS YOU CAN!!!!!!!    I was given this to help with the symptoms of withdrawal from another drug. That was a BIG mistake. I went from the prescribed dosage of 2mg 3x a day to taking a bottle of 90 in less than 3 weeks and consumption of alcohol just made the downhill slide even worse.  It was the worst time or my life and wound up costing me a great job.    Fortunately,I was able to quit cold turkey and not suffer the withdrawal symptoms people describe. It's been 10 years since I kicked this addiction and have not looked back or regretted ridding myself of this terrible addiction......    Read More Read Less
483: I have trouble falling asleep.  Alprazolam helps me relax so I can fall asleep.
484: I was prescribed this medication for severe panic attacks. I took 3mgs daily of Alprazolam "xanax" for a little over 2 years. After stopping this medication I currently have seizures because of this drug! In my opinion the FDA should remove this drug off the market because it permanent and long term effects on people! I know quite a few people who have a permanent problem with seizures! Don't be fooled by the Drs who prescribe this medication because if I knew all of this would have occured I would have never taken it!Read More Read Less
485: feeling so much better
486: My doctor put me on this me to help contol anxiety and panic attacks. At first made me very sleepy and coulnd not drive. After about 2 weeks my body adjusted to the me and I was able to drive again. It calms my nerves. My only concern is that it is habit forming. My doctor told me to take it only as needed now and not every day. Been on this med for 6 months now. It has definetly helped.
487: I take 0.25MG 3 times a day. It has helped with my anxiety and depression condition. I have been on it several years and have had no side effects whatsoever. It has helped me with stress issues as well,even at work.  There is no mental impairement,dizziness or  light headeness. My dosage is very low, compared to other reviews I have read.
488: I have chronic low potassium and low magnesium levels which can cause esophageal  spasm which also mimics heart attach symptoms.  The doctors let me have a choice   of taking Nitro or Xanax.  Xanax works fine.  I take 0.5mg tid/qid, as needed.  Keeps me  pain-free and out of the hospital. It never  makes me sleepy or unable to function.  I am  a medical professional.
489: I have used this medication to help with panic attacks and depression bouts.
490: when im feeling a anxious and i take one i start to calm down
491: I started having these strange "Guilt Attacks" in which I would feel guilty for something (if I had anything to do with it or not) and that feeling would become overwhelming and would lead to a panic attack.     It was so bad that I couldn't work, I refused to answer the phone, I refused to read email, and I (Still) refuse to open the mail because anything negative would spiral me down the panic/guilt attack cycle. It was so bad that A DREAM would set it off and I would wake up crying and not be able to get back to sleep    I am on the medications that I can get for free through AID programs through the manufacturer but I HAD to go to the doctor and she put me on Alprazolam 0.5mg (the round, peach kind of pill) and it has saved my life!    I take half a pill when I get overwhelmed at work and if the dream-triggers return, half before bed as well.    I get 15 pills at a time with 1 refill and it takes me 6 months to go through all of them because I only take them as a last resort so I dont get a tolerance for them and they will stop working and to make sure I dont get a dependence issue with them as well    I know there is no such thing as a Magic Pill to cure my anxiety and depression but this is the closest thing I have ever found.    I would probably be dead if it were not for my doctor prescribing me this medication.    I have had only 2 side effects. I periodically get forgetful if I take a full pill in a 24 hour period and it makes me sleepy but an extra cup of tea and some thumping music in the background usually pulls me through it   Read More Read Less
492: does not have any effect
493: I have been taking this medication since 1989, now 2007 I can't function nor think without it! When I first started it the dr told me they were not addicting!! I didnt want to be dependant on pills!! now ive no choice I cant see my life without it!
494: I hate that I feel I can't function without it!!
495: IT JUST DOES NOT WORK ON ME
496: This is the least lethal form of sleeping aid I have used. Other aids either don't work or knock me out. I am a little concerned that my dosage is moving up. I used to take .25mg each night. Now I'm taking .75mg to 1.mg each night.
497: i get sleepy
498: This .5 pill helps me sleep and it takes away the fear of flying. I recently noticed that it calms me down when all 8 of my grandchildren are here visiting. I don't get all hyped up just because they are playing wildly.
499: I have had GAD and Panic Disorder for about 10 years now. Xanax has helped me troughout those years. It's fast acting and works great for anxiety attacks, depending on how bad they are. If you suffer from chronic Panic attacks though,  Xanax is less helpfull.
500: I have taken this for several years and I ran out of my pills not realizing they couldn't be refilled for 10 days and I have had a very anxious and difficult last few days.I never went thru that before because I never had to go without them like that since I was prescribed to take them.  The reactions have really upset me and has me very worried.
501: This is the only medication that helps my panic attacks. I've gone to the hospital several times with my panic attacks and this medication is the only one that prevents them and stops them if they start, which could be at any moment.
502: Stops seizures and panic anxiety attacks
503: SWITCHED TO MYLAN A1 CANNOT VIEW WHAT IT LOOK'S LIKE ON HERE?
504: .......
505: keeps me calm
506: Seems to wear off? An I wake up in just a couple hours. Alproz. 1mg fout times daily
507: i of the the football shaped xanax i have taken 13 since 10 am and am not getting the effects that are commonly useful.
508: I started with alprazolam .5 ER a week ago,and I cannot express enough the tremendous difference between the ER and regular medication. The effectiveness of extended-release is crucial to battle generalized anxiety, because it's something that lasts ALL DAY; not just an hour or so. I had previously suffered my day-to-day routine at work and basically kept my head down and avoided eye contact- even with my family. Now, in the past week I have noticed my behavior change drastically in the sense that I'm not fearful to walk down a hallway, be in a crowded store,sit at a red light with other cars; and the list goes on. I went shopping with my boyfriend the past weekend and was amazed when I caught myself joking around with two women behind us in line and then another woman in the parking lot.(Both conversations that I actually initiated) That spirit has been gone for years now and is finally coming back. I don't feel angry anymore and most importantly (to me at least) I don't feel that overly calm- almost numb feeling from taking a regular alprazolam. I couldn't be happier or recommend this medication enough for generalized anxiety! Read More Read Less
509: dont like to be in a crouded areas,cant sleep i can not deal with kids being loud and running around with the tv being to loud or being around to many people like around holiday shopping i will freak out when there is not enough lighting dont like days when it i cloudy i feel to smoothed
510: lower axiety
511: I have dealt with anxiety for many years and have been on and off Xanax, as needed. Since I lost my job my anxiety has gone through the roof, causing panic attacks, chest pain etc. I'm on it again, 1/2 of .5 mg twice a day and it is a blessing so far. It enables me to have a fairly normal day and helps keep the negative thoughts away. It's a low enough dose that I can play with it a little based on how I am feeling at the time. Is it for everyone? No. But for those of us that are have out of control anxiety and panic, it is good to have around
512: loss of control
513: I have severe anxiety with panic attacks and this has helped me greatly.  I take zoloft everyday and this as I need it.  Works very fast and has even made my hands stop shaking.  Dr. prescribes 1mg 1-3 times a day but only use 1 time if even that.  Does make me pretty tired though.  All in all I say it works great!  Have not had any side effects but have from the zoloft.
514: I have Panic attacks, saw 7 different doctors, each one diagnosed a different disorder along with the proper pill to cure me. I started having attacks while sleeping, wake up, tell my wife I loved her and start looking for the Light they talk about when your dying. A panic attack makes me absolutely sure I'm dying.I had numerous people tell me I was having panic attacks,I mentioned this to every doctor I saw and they said no. I was sent to see a stomach specialist, since they were clueless. My wife called the new Dr. to talk to him he looked at my medical records that had been faxed to him, called my wife back a little ticked and told her that I was having major panic attacks and called in Xanax. I had taken over 15 different medications prescribed to fix all the different conditions I had been diagnosed with. The Dr told me that the meds. had been making my condition worse,to get a lawyer and he would actually go to court with me since he was tired of all the patients he got that were misdiagnosed and over medicated, I had never had a doctor say something like that, but he was as I found out a real Dr., not a pill pusher for the drug Co's.whose favorite show is Dr House. I was not told about the serious withdrawals of Xanax,nor how many things can cause Xanax not to work.I think breathing filtered air has the least side effects, slightly ahead of mountain spring water. ALSO BEWARE If you take narcotic pain meds. for chronic pain daily and Xanax,around 50% of people who go through sudden withdrawal from both at once die. Oh yeah, great to know Doc. I had to find on the Net. I had an operation that left me permanently disabled and in constant pain. I have to temporarily put up with a Dr who thinks most people are just there for the drugs. Unless there wealthy movie stars who get Oxycontin for a paper cut and Xanax to help them sleep after they smoke crack. My attitude reflects, a botched operation, a lying Dr, and a life time of pain. I doubt this will be posted
515: epileptic seizures
516: it's not working as well anymore after 20 tears i want to know if there is a higher dose
517: This medicine has helped me a great deal. I am going through the change of life and experiencing anxiety, tension, panic attacks and insomnia. I have tried many other medications such as prozac, sleep aids but have found taking .25mg in the morning helps with the anxiety, tension and panic attacks and I take .50mg at bedtime and I now sleep through the night. I have had no side effects.
518: i was addicted to oxycontin and i have extremely bad panic attacks and anxiety. i started taking 2mg in the morning and 2mg around dinner. its help tremedous with the panic attacks an anxiety its been about a month now and i take 6mg a day and my life fom the addiction of oxycontin is gone this is the best month or two months that i really feel like myself i feel like my life is finnally comming together
519: I suffer from anxiety disorder and that is why it was originally prescribed, but then I had trouble getting my mind to shut down at night so I couldn't sleep, then started taking the Alprazolam at night to sleep....3 years later it only helps me get 2 hours of sleep and take 2 mgs before bed, my body has built up a tolerance to them and are not as effective and the Dr. will not increase the dosage and NOTHING else they tried me on to help me sleep worked. I don't know what the maximum dosage is for a person but was told I hit my limit
520: I have had anxiety disorder for a number of years and have recently switched from 1mg zanax to the .5 alprazolam xr. I usually eat about 5 a day just to try to keep a little even, I usually only needed 1 1mg zanax. But again I have been taking it for awhile for EXTREME panic disorder, I am a national sales manager and my employees can tell when I forget the meds. I would recommend for anyone who has a mild anxiety problem and who has run the gammut on anxiety pills and needs something with a little more umph to it,Read More Read Less
521: this medication has decreased my episodes of panic attacks by about half. reccommended 14 yrs. ago to start 4mg./day. now 2mg./day when nec. keeps me balanced, with my other meds.
522: In conjunction with Lexapro I've found Xanax to be incredibly helpful for me to function and interact with people throughout the day
523: Very satisfied with med.  Can certainly tell if I run out.
524: i tryed other meds before alprazolam none of them helped as well as this treatment.
525: It REALLY helps as a "right now" fix for my panic attacks - which is what is needed in the midst of one.  I started off taking it here-and-there when the panic attacks started, but then I started taking it on a daily basis about 10 months ago - almost to prevent any anxiousness and that seemed helpful and like it was a smart thing to do (my doctor prescribed me 1mg 3xday if necessary -- and I was just taking 1mg so I didn't think I was going overboard with it).  And up until a month or so ago, I was taking it daily.  HOWEVER - I started to realize that I have been gaining weight (about 15lbs in the last 8-10 months), which has added to my problems with depression/anxiety.  So I started taking less and less.  I get pretty annoying headaches, and have had some trouble sleeping at night.  I don't necessarily feel addicted to it - but I'm to the point where I've been taking this "quick fix" drug daily and relying on it to solve my problems.  But really - from what I've read about it - it's not a good drug to stay on for a long period of time, so I think it's good to have on hand for the panic attacks, but I wouldn't get into the habit of taking it daily - it's pretty annoying to stop taking.Read More Read Less
526: very good
527: no effects at all
528: I have been on alprazolam extended Release .5 mg for one month now. It has worked well for me, after trying  7 different anti anxiety, pills. It has treated my severe insomnia, and anxiety with light headedness, very well. I feel like my old self. I take one a day at or around noon time.   works well for me.
529: Alprazolam Oral is easy to use and is very effective. You do have to respect this drug. It also helps you sleep which can cause addiction. I take it "as needed" up to 2 tabs a day. Usually I don't need a full tab so I split them. They will put you to sleep very quickly. I once took a Klondike to eat in bed and woke up with the Klondike melted all over me in the morning. Again, sometimes when I  use it for sleep, it gets to where I lay awake for long periods of time on nights I don't use it. Thus, I take a couple of days off. Be careful and use caution
530: I have high b/p. Dr. thought because of anxiety but took one lMG and slept for 24 hrs. right thru.  Will not take this again.
531: best anxiety  HBP reducer with HBP pills.  Good Real GOOD for TOURETTES.
532: excellent...maybe 15-20 min lead time required
533: just refilled and  its  oval blue     ?
534: I was prescribed this for PMS Mood Swings.  I become unbelieveably put off by the slightest things and was concerned I might hurt someone.  As soon as I recognize these feelings come over me, I take a 0.5 pill and it calms me down.  I've also been prescribed Diazapam for the same issue.  I only take them as needed, as I am only prescribed enough to last during a PMS week.
535: anxiety with depression, stopped taking the depression pills due to severe hair loss and these pills helped with the anxiety
536: I have been taking this medication for 7 years for GAD and severe panic attacks. I have taken several medications for anxiety over the years, however this medication, combined with therapy works the best. XR works good all day long, but when a panic attack starts, the regular form is the best.
537: After the first two weeks, my body adapted to the medication...making it easier for me to go out again and just forget my depression and other anxieties about leaving the house or social anxiety. Works more rapidly than valium or diazepam. However it doesn't last as long as diazepam.
538: Been on this med for 18yrs.  I take four 1mg daily. Love it, has helped so much.
539: at this time i am haven a very hard time getting it give to me and i need them now that i have been on them for so long and i go thur withdrawes
540: I watched my mom suffer with paralyzing panic attacks until her death.  She would not go to the doc. She died from heart failure and emphysemia. I had my 1st immobilizing attack at age 17.  It scared me but didn't happen again for 10 years, 3 weeks after the birth of my 1st child.  I was giving him a bath and suddenly I was overcome with fear.  I started sweating,    I knew something terrible was about to happen and I couldn't move or speak.  My father was a doctor and when I could move I called him and he suggested I go the next day to my doctor.  He told me that anxiety disorders can be inherieted and that I most likely got the gene from my mom.  I tried bio feedback and several other non-rx attempts at controlling these dibilitating episodes.  I found a psychiatrist who suggested I try short acting ativan for use when I would have an attack.  The frequency of attacks was 10+ a week.  By the time I took the pill and waited for it to take effect, I had gone through the worst part of the attack and was almost back to normal.  I didn't find this very helpful.  My doc. told my about the extended release form when it became available and it changed my life. I still experience some situational anxiety and take a short acting med. if needed, but the paralyzing events are a memory now.  Its like the medication in my blood stream is ready and stops the BAD panic attacks from becoming full blown.  I just hope my insurance will keep this on the formulary.  I do not experience any adverse side effects at all.  In fact I get out more and am overall more relaxed because I have stopped wondering when the next attack will come.  I feel I have control now.  Medicine is a good thing when used as prescribed.  I wish my mom had gotten help.  My sister suffers with anxiety as well as my adult son.  They are on different medication , but well controlled.  I LOVE THIS MEDICINE AND MY QUALITY OF LIFE HAS IMPROVED 100%.  Please don't be afraid to try it
541: Xanax is a great drug. If you suffer from bad nerves this will be great for you... My kids go to romping around raiseing He** i just take one of my happy pills.:)
542: I don't "leave home without it." The security of knowing you have it with you helps  me greatly. Just wish it kicked in sooner. I average using 1/2 of .5 mg 6 or 7 times a year. My Dr. says if I need it daily, he must prescribe another rx so as not to risk addiction. Don't understand how some say that they take it daily for 20 years or more.
543: This stuff is great.  Excellent calming effect.  This medication can become addictive and is not meant for long term use.  This stuff is a great boost on days that are particularly terrible.    It does give you a slight euphoric sensation that typically makes me pretty drowsy.  That would be my biggest negative on this stuff, the drowsiness.  Caffeine tends to negate the calming effects of the medicine, so I don't recommend trying to combat the drowsiness with coffee or energy drinks.
544: I have panic attacks and anxiety this medication hepls me but I would like to stop taking it I have been using it for over 2 years .1mg twice a day now i feel as if i am addicted.
545: can't sleep    want to start smoking after 20 years of stoping  can't think  legs hurt
546: What is a normal dosage?  thanks
547: i take 1 mg. 4 times a day and it hardly helps!So sometimes I take a little extra since my doc wont up my script.
548: this drug is amazing. i have social anxiety and it really helps me calm down and enjoy my life. thank you xanax.
549: I was prescribed .5mg for my panic attacks and could take up to 3x a day. However, the worst withdrawal I have every had from any kind of drug is from this drug. Vomiting for days, incredible sense of smell where everything smelled awful and made the vomiting worse. 3 different times over the course of 6 months I ended up in the hospital but no one could diagnose the problem until one of my pain management doctors told me it sounded like alprazolam withdrawal symptoms.  I have never taken another one since and have been fine. I am now taking diazepam and doing fine. But please watch how you take alprazolam and de-finitely discuss with a health care professional how to taper off the drug.  I have had 17 surgeries over my lifetime but I was never so sick as I was these 3 times.  Be careful........................Read More Read Less
550: After taking this drug for 20 years, I have become cemically dependent on it.  If I miss a dose I can hardly function.
551: I was on Lunesta 3mg and never slept through the night. Now I sleep All night and wake up feeling so good and well rested.  I am afraid of addiction to it. But if it helps me sleep---I wonder if I should just take it anyway and accept the fact that i might need it the rest of my life.
552: i have taking alprazolam for 10 years 1 mg 4xday i ahve a broken back with rods and pins in my back plus a head injury and the med helps with my depression to i am satisfied with it helps me cope through the day i would be a complete basket case without it
553: Was diagnosed with GERD, And IBS. Could not lie down guts would turn all night long. After 3 Gastointeroligsts, and several medications including Vicodin. Nothing worked. Then came Alprazolam. Been great for 4 years.
554: effective, immediate, calming, focused the next day
555: I would get very anxious contemplating certain situations coming up & sometimes just thinking about situations that would stress me out & I would kind of have a panic attack.  This would calm me down & I honestly couldn't tell but other people would remark as to how calm I was.  I slept great, didn't feel groggy at all & I could carry on with my every day things.  No side affects either.
556: VERY ADDICTING... I ONLY TOOK IT FOR 3 MONTHS! AND BY THE WAY, I TOOK .5MG..THE LOWEST DOSE!!! DON'T TAKE IT! TRUST ME, ATIVAN IS QUICKER ACTING AND IS LESS ADDICTING. I HAVE PANICK ATTACKS AND DEPRESSION AND ATIVAN IS JUST AMAZING.
557: THE MEDS THAT MY DOCTOR HAS PERSCRIBED ME DO NOT HELP WITH MY PANIC DISSORDER OR MY DEPRESSION OR MY SLEEP AMNIA WHAT DO I DO
558: I grew up in a horrific alcoholic family with mental illness, suicide, violence etc., I didnt realize my ambition was severe anxiety until I was in my 30s. I would catch myself with clenched fists, locked jaw, waking up wanting to vomit. I thought all this was normal. I was given Xanax for a flight and could t believe the difference. I felt normal for the first time in my life. Ive been on 3 mg 3x per day for 12 years. I tried coming off because of the stigma and Im in AA. That was awful so Im back on and I dont care. The only thing is I notice slight differences in strength with generic versus brand. Sometimes generic seems weak. Brand is a fortune
559: I AM AGORAPHOBIC AND HAVE TAKEN THIS DRUG FOR 21 YRS NOW. I TAKE 1 3 X'S A DAY AND IT HAS MY PANIC DISORDERS UNDER CONTROL.I SEE MY DOCTOR FOR A REGULAR MED CHECK EVERY SIX MONTHS TO TRACK MY PROGRESS.
560: My doctor put me on alprazolam about a month ago to help me sleep.  I have fibromyalgia and ankylosing spondylitis, and I also take percocet and lyrica.  I didn't think the med was helping that much until I stopped taking it.  Then I realized it did help.  It does not make me feel drowsy when I take it but I am able to fall asleep when I want to. The only problem is that I wake up after 4-5 hours and cannot fall back asleep.  I have no side effects from this drug.
561: obviously a narcotic has dependancy issues. Only use it at the onset of high anxiety or you WILL become addicted and you will suffer withdrawls without it. this is also one of the most effective and fastest acting anti anxiety meds which will increase liklyhood of dependancy. either use it properly or suffer emensly, your choice. and the "three times daily as needed for anxiety" means AS NEEDED not every single time you wake up, in the after noon, and at night. (this is also perscirbed as a sleep medication which tend to be addictive also... imagin that), Overdosing will cause blackouts, coma, death...Read More Read Less
562: it helped with the the physc.  and physical  areas  i needed  help coping with
563: I lost my husband one and a half years ago.  I have struggled with angzied.  I had doctors want to put me on antidepression med, I did not fell I needed that.  I just needed something to take the edge off.  I take this as needed and it works well for me.
564: I know its hard to think someone could give 5's across the broad but I can't short change this Med as it has kept me functionable for years and if it's needed it works but I've seen when it's not needed it's not nice to the abuser, I have had only postive effects using this med!!
