1: Since I began menopause twelve years ago I have NOT slept through the night, always wake at the two hour mark. I do not take this drug every night for fear of dependency but when I require a good night sleep I will take which allows me to have a good nite sleep with NO side effects next say (lethargic, etc.)
2: I have been on this now for 16 years but only take when needed at it can become very addictive and has worked wonders for me.
3: I have been taking it for 3 yrs now. I wasn't told it was habit forming and now I am addicted to it. I take 10mg once a day and haven't had a heart palpitation since. Some days I feel I "need" more but I don't take more than one. If I can get over the fact that I am addicted to it, then it is the best thing going for anxiety/panic attacks.
4: It is extremely helpful for alcohol withdrawal and is also good for getting restful sleep.  But like alcohol, it can become addictive and has its own withdrawel symptoms.  It has been a much safer and more effective remedy for anxiety for me than alcohol.
5: I take 15 mg 4 or 5 times a week in the am. Have a cup of coffee an hour later. xlnt Takes edge off and it pretty much sticks with me all day even though the real effects are done. btw Teresa, that is too much. See a doc. Get a real sleeping pill but do not abuse it. Give it a chance to train your body by using it only 4 times a week.
6: I used Oxazepam for my anxiety attacks. The good news is I have less and less anxiety. I feel there is more to expect with natural anti anxiety. It is to this day the only medication that really work.

The best result is when you take Oxazepam without alcohols. My experience is telling me that is a very good medication not to be taken daily.
7: WAS uNABLE TO GET A NIGHTS REST UNTIL DOCTOR PUT ME ON THIS NOW I AM ABLE TO GET AT LEAST SEVEN HOURS OF SLEEP
8: I have nightmares
9: i have taken this for sleep, now i want to get off it, i have used it for several years,i takje 10 mg every evening. is it safe to just stop useing it ?
10: does not help sleep
11: I was prescribed this medication to deal with sudden panic episodes of severe anxiety. Upon taking it I felt little to no difference in my level of anxiety. What I did notice was a severe depression that set in and a feeling of sadness. I would rather feel scared than as sad as it made me.
12: I was to the point of a breakdown on the side of the road one night.Called my Dr, prescribed this medicine and thank the lord, I haven't had that type of moment since
13: I have alway been a nerves person and I have suffered several yrs. of drinking, to help me calm myself and to beable to stand the stress i had in my life until i was put on this medication, it has saved my life i take 30mg twice a day and now liveing a 5yr sober and calming life style.
14: Have been taking this med for sleep, sometimes that has been only 2-3 hours a night. This drug has helped soooo much. I can sleep all night. Has made my life normal again.
15: 60 yrs old. Have been taking this med for a month. It does allow me to stay sleep through out the night, which is what I needed and help the anxious feelings I have.A few hours before it is time to take it again I start to feel anxious again.I am on 15mg. I do have problems with memory throughout the day
16: restless legs
17: I take just 2.5mg or 5mg! when i have anxiety. It calms me down immediately and makes me feel good even the day after. It even blocks the anxiety for long term sometimes and i take it when it comes back which can be couple of weeks after. Anyways! works perfect for my body
18: I have used this drug to help lower blood pressure.
19: I had been taking Serepax(Oxazepan 30 mg)1 tablet before bed; for 2 years . Bingo!!! good night sleep. Suffered insomnia for manyyyyyyyyy years, restless nights. Now I am happy sleeping through all night.
20: I've been taking this drug for a while. It eases anxiety and lessens panic attacks. Sometimes it can make you tired or groggy,but it's benfits outwheigh side-effects. Also helped ease the problems when I quit drinking alcohol.
21: was told it would help me sleep its 30 mg. can take 3 and still stay awake any advise
22: Useful for anxiety attacks.
23: It effectively calms me however I am concerned with becoming dependant.
24: when I first starting taking this drug it cause me to sleep and feel relaxed. After a couple weeks, I started to feel dizzy,weird dreams and then irregular heart beat, and labored breathing,because of having heart disease this sent me to the hospital. I will not be taking this again
25: I was prescribed this med for my panic attacks , after trying different ones that didnt work . What a relief, I finally  was able to function normally, took as prescribed for 4 weeks and now only need once in a while . That was 20 years ago . i call it my magic pill and keep one in my purse at all times , but rarely need to take one anymore. Thanks to my doctor .
26: My 93 year old grandmother started taking this pill for anxiety last week. she says she feels much better with it in her system. I wonder if it is taken as sort of as needed daily. She doesn't take it on a time schedule. Just when she wakes up and around 5 pm. Does anyone else have a clue?
27: It helps a great deal to help remove my anxiety and helps me to be calm. I'm very pleased with this medication.
28: I use this drug for sleep. I was only sleeping 3 1/2 hours a night. I go to sleep every night very easy now and do not feel like I have been run over by a truck in the morning.
29: almost immediate relief from anxiety attacks.
30: A very effective treatment for insomnia. I gained a tolerance after 6 weeks; but I gain tolerances easily.
31: I am taking this Oxazepam along with an  anti-depressent, Pristiq. Since the anti-  depressent dosage has been increased to 100  mg., the Oxazepam doesn't seem to be quite  as effective. Today, after taking it, I  felt a sadness. I wonder if the seratonin  levels could be too high when taking both  of these drugs together, since they both  work on chemicals in the brain. I want to  find out about this and also what side  effects the norepinephrin involvement can  cause.  CD
32: After being on Ativan for 4 years this switch was needed and helped me greatly.
33: I have been subscribed Oxazepam for Anxiety. I experience anxiety when giving large presentations and the product has helped me cope.     No apparent "hangover" no apparent side effects for me.
34: I'm scared to take this pill.. I'm getting anxiety just thinking bout taking this..
35: i was taking xanax for 10 years, i then tried valium, and now oxyazepam. i got no relief, have constant ringing in ears feel bad over all.
36: it really works for me
37: This drug is being used by my 83 year old mother in law and whilst I am sure it helps with her anxiety she is on 30mg and I am wondering if this is the cause of her constantly being sleepy.  Is 30 mg a high dose?
38: i am not sure if i really am satisfied with taking this medication
39: i have had 3 tablets today and i have had 4 hours sleep am on 30mg 3 times a day. i still feel abit anxious and like the andrenaline is running through my body. i was involved in a car accident yesterday and still feel abit anxious.
40: I was giving this medicine over 30 years ago for stopping the tremors and other side effects from asthma and allergy medicine.  Greatest pill they every made.  But I am know addicted to it but I feel that it is ok because it is only 15 mg. and I take them 4 times a day.  And when I don't have the pill I have very bad withdrawals, can't sleep, restless legs, muscle spasms.  So my doctor says I will never stop taking them.  And sometimes when I have had a very bad spell of asthma & allergy medicine I have to take more that is described so I run out early. But usually the doctor goes ahead and makes sure I have the medicine.  So all you allergy & asthma patients that don't like the side effect of your medicines, like the tremors, can't sleep, anxiety.  Plus if you have irritable bowel syndrome.  This pill works wonders.Read More Read Less
41: Immediate help from withdraw symptoms. I would have died if it wasn't for this drug.
42: This was my miracle drug. I can actually feel the relief from the anxiety I experienced for way too many years. I have been taking it for 3 years with no increase in dosage. I do have to drink a red bull every once in a while, but would be much more miserable with the constant anxiety. During pregnancy I did go off of it, and again about a year ago for a couple of months with NO withdrawal. The anxiety came back, but I knew I was still taking the drug, it was not taking me.
43: I had a roll over , broke my neck , took oxy like candy , taken off it , was given this , then they took me off this , then took to booze to help pain. Worked (never had a dui , or a burden to anyone ). Stopped drinking , got on this again. I feel "numb" , dizzy , not able to fuction as well as I would like. Not sure which was better.
44: Terrific for short-term use, like airline travel and trouble getting to sleep, because it works quickly and only lasts a few hours.
45: For those having trouble staying asleep (not falling asleep), this medication is a happy middle ground. I had tried zolpidem (ambien) for chronic anxiety-based insomnia and found that while it was great getting me to sleep, I was often up again at 2 am (we do not have ambien extended available in Canada, so options are limited). My doctor then tried me on Zopiclone (Immovane), but I felt foggy and hungover with it the entire next day. Oxazepam feels gentler to me, it helps me stay asleep and the next day I'm not hungover by it. For Canadians with limited choices to sleep medication, this drug appears to be the happy middle ground -- keeps you asleep if you have issues staying asleep overnight, but doesn't zonk you out the entire next day.Read More Read Less
