1: Sleep 18 hr a day or more.  Pain mostly removed except when horizontal
2: out of body numbness
3: I have taken 25mg for 4 months to ease itch/rash of eczema.  My exzema is minimal but have gained 10 lbs (and see from reviews I'm not alone).  Can't believe anyone can wake with higher mg dose, I have to start taking it earlier at night.
4: This was given to a patient that developed a severe reaction to the medication that she had been taking for a long time. After trial and error this med was given to us. It is the only thing that has relieved her symptoms and get her out of agony. However she is an elderly lady and after a couple of weeks we have noticed a bit of mental confusion. The benifits are much greater.
5: I have extensive nerve damage from a very bad bout with shingles. Because of the worst pain imaginable i had no more than 30-45 min. of sleep at a time for 3 yrs. I started on 10 mg before bed and now sleep 3-4 hrs at a time. It has most definately helped. It does make me drowsy for the first few hrs in the morning.It has improved my depression also. I would highly recomend this drugas it ahs improved my life 80%
6: Doxepin is prescribed for me to control migraine headaches.  It also helps me with my insomnia that I've had since a hysterectomy was performed.  I take 50 mg around 9:30 - 10pm every night.  It helps me fall asleep but able to be up by 6 - 6:30 am.  I have been taking this medication for 1 1/2 years and my migraines have decreased in frequency and intensity.
7: I've been recently diagnosed with MS.  I have tingling on my left side of body.  After 2 other meds, this one seems to help with the tingling in most of my side.  It has really helped me sleep.  The only side effect is dry mouth.  I've been on it 4 weeks and am very happy with results
8: Amazing. Super quick results. This puts me out quick; although my hunger has increased. I would sugest it to anyone suffering from anyone who cannot sleep..
9: This is the only medication that has given me a full, peaceful night's sleep, without leaving me groggy the entire next day. I have had insomnia since I was 13 & have tried everything it seems like. Most recently, I had taken Ambien, Lunesta, Trazadone & Seroquel. Never slept longer than 4 hours, 5 if I was lucky & was walking around sluggish the next day. My psychiatrist started me on 150mg, it was too much. He then cut the dosage in half, not enough. I'm now on 100mg & it works like a charm! I wake up bright eyed & ready to go! Read More Read Less
10: i feel that this drug has helped me tremendously. iam sleeping nights and my mood has improved greatly.
11: I have tried everything under the sun for my insomnia.  Usually to no avail or to just end up getting a couple hours of sleep before I was wide awake again.  But doxepin was a godsend.  It is the only thing that works for me, and now I sleep all the way through the night like a baby.  No side effects or anything.  Don't know how I lived without it!
12: My VA doctors prescribed this medication for me to help me sleep. I have to say it did a great job of that. When I sleep I am totally out. Might say "dead to the world". It has such a tranquilizing affect that I was hurt terribly and did'nt even know it. I also read the list of side effects just now and realized that I had 90% of them. In short, this drug has slowly poisoned me and I was not even aware of it, neither were the doctors that kept me taking it. My advise to all is DONT TAKE IT!!!!! If you cant sleep, find a different way to relax and wind down. These pills will in fact make you take a dirt nap.   S. WilliamsRead More Read Less
13: Severe allery to tomato and pine. Doctor said this drug (Doxepin 10mg 3x day had 750 times antihistimine properties of Zyrtec. Did not notice any help with allergy but this made me very mean and angry. So I stopped taking it. Happier now and normal.  Better to use the more common antihistimes than this drug.
14: I have been taking Prozac 40 mg for several years. I recently had a tragedy occur in my immediate family. The Doxepin capsule returned me to stable in 3 wks.I sleep well and actually look forward to the day.I'm more able to "Let go and let God,"
15: i did not start this md
16: For an older, tricyclic drug, it has worked very well for me. And it is cheap!
17: I have major depression with anxiety and fibromyalgia. I'm using it for help sleeping. It works great most nights but sometimes I wake up off and on. I definitely sleep more with using it so any help is better than mine at all!
18: I have been suffering from chronic urticaria, angiodema, joint pain and swelling since February 2010. Am seeing a rheumatologist (on top of my GP, allergist, and soon-to-see dermatologist). My rheumy prescribed Doxepin (30 mgs at night) to see if it will help. I began taking it with a lot of hope in my heart, but have ended up having slightly worse hives (larger, hotter, and burning) than I did a few days ago... my question is: is this normal? to have them worse in the beginning? I have read it may take up to 3 weeks to see results with Doxepin -- but what is normal? How do I know it's the Doxepin that's worsening the hives (or just the stress from starting a new therapy)? Did anyone else find themselves with worse(r) hives in the first week -- did it get better?? I'm at the end of my rope with this -- and am looking for some (hopeful) reassurance!     Daily Regimen: 10 mg Zyrtec (am + pm), 20 mg Pepcid (am + pm), Patanase (am + pm), Benedryl (2 pills, every 3-4 hrs), Doxepin (30 mgs, pm), Vitamin D (2000 ius, am).    Read More Read Less
19: started with 1 capsule 10mg for seven days, and then 1 capsule every morning and 1 capsule at bedtime at the exact time, for one month.But started feeling nausea and anxiety with feeling of drowsiness at times,after the 7 days felt more like tired and fatigue.
20: Have been on this before for giant hives, had them 95,08 & now, doxepin is not making any difference at all.
21: My husband was given this drug due to not sleeping bc of restless legs... He has currently been on it about 1 week... Last night the effects started to show..I guess he might fall under the "rare" side effects but in the middle of the night... he ate a avocado peel and all, made kool aid spilling it everywhere covering the counter in it and splashing it onto the wall as well, took lids off of containers and then placed the lids in the fridge, opened a bottle of bloody Mary mix and drank it, took his little cigars and a lighter then placed them in a tall glass, took mouthwash and different hair products and placed them beside the toilet, etc etc etc...
22: I have chronic insomna due to Fibromyagliavand Lupus. I starting taking 75mg and it hasn't helped so the doctor has me on 125mg and it isn't helping. I still wake up at night, so I am going up to 175mg and see how that does. I it does make u hunger. I am starting the 150mg tonight so we will see how that does.
23: for headaches
24: This medication caused me to be angry, short tempered and caused other conditions that I have to worsen.
25: I have used this medication for over 20 years for sciatic pain.  Without it, my life would be very diminished.
26: LESS ANXIETY, BETTER SLEEP
27: I took this medicine for years.  It saved my life.  Helped me sleep really good.
28: I have been taking Doxepin for ten years now to treat my systemic mastocytosis,and i have had less overall symptoms. A great side affect is that my mood has improved.                              SB
29: First of all my dr is a complete idiot, definitely the result of inbreeding. I was prescribed this med out of poor judgment on my dr's behalf and after taking it for two days I mentioned to my fiancè that I was feeling sick from it. Being understanding as she was, she insisted I keep taking it! Since we were on vacation I didn't want anymore silent treatment so I took it. Big pharma is a joke and this drug is serious...serious crap that is. This drug was made in the early 60's in Germany..that wasn't too long after hitler and I would not be surprised if his dr's developed this! This is my guess, I could be wrong but then again...Read More Read Less
30: I have uncontrolable-unstoppable itching and hives.  After trying Periactin(which did nothing but knock me out for 15+ hrs.and left me hung-over.)and other OTC creams and pills.I tried my first dose of doxepin yesterday ,got my first day of itch free sleep in years! And not hung-over.I work 3rd shift so the sleep inducing effect is a real plus.Doctor also said I can take another dose as needed for the itching for a total daily dose of 20mg per day.Going to keep taking this if it keeps working this good
31: i was put on doxepin yesterday for anxiety and insomnia. i slept better than i have in years but i did not want to get out of bed this morning and i stayed drowsy for the first three to four hours that i was awake. not much for the anxiety yet, but i was advised that it could take a couple weeks before the full effects are reached
32: I have been on this drug for ten years   and it  has worked  wonderfully for me. After years of trying other drugs for  depression this did the job.   You DO have to ride through  the sleepy side effects and dry mouth.  It does become  better and can make you happy again.
33: I have had a return of panic attakcs and general anxiety and this drug has helped me a great deal.  I was on celexa for 14 years but it apparently stopped working.  I was switched to lexapro but see no effect.  On the other hand, doxepin has been great! I use it in the evenings in conjunction with Klonopin for sleep and I enjoy the period of relaxation between administration and sleep.  I am going to ask for an increase in the dosage (now on 50 mgs) to help with daytime anxiety. If you have to use an ad or drugs for anxiety, you may as well enjoy the experience! Read More Read Less
34: I was prescribed 100 mg of Doxepin for my problem with staying asleep. I had been unable to sleep ever since my doctor prescribed Celexa for depression (about 1 month ago). Once I took Doxepin, I had no problem falling asleep or staying asleep. The first couple of days I was dizzy, extremely tired and groggy; but those side effects improved with time. I am happy to report that I am sleeping normally and feel so much better! Doxepin complimented my medication nicely.
35: HELPS ME TO FALL ASLEEP
36: I have been taking for 3mths.I also take it for bad Migraine pain,Ulcerative Colitis pain,neck/shoulder pain! It does help with the pain but still get the Migraines just not as bad! Maybe cause I was on 75mg now 50mg.I had lot's of side effect but stuck with it and now all gone,they were scary!I put my trust in my specialist that he knows what he's doing! I am also on apo-chlordiazepoxide 2x 10mg/day and now on novo-carbamaz 200mg so feeling ok still hate life but dealing! PS I was put on Cipralex.5mg for the withdrawl from my Zoloft witch helped! Now I have less physical symptoms of my illnesses but now have more thinking about them/worried anxous! I think the more you communicate with your dr'(s)and be honest about how your feeling inside/out you will have better results on the med's and while adjusting them! It's a balancing act between you,the med's and your Dr's knowledge of the med's!!!Read More Read Less
37: I JUST STARTED USING THIE DRUG SO I DON'T KNOW WHAT TO EXPECT. I GOT IT FOR SLEEPING.
38: used to reduce anxiousness and to induce sleep.
39: made me feel woozy
40: I take this med for a rare skin condition.  I work well for me other than making me tired and I gained 10 lbs.  I not complaining.  I rather be 10 lbs heavier and a little tired verus the skin reaction I was having.
41: I take doxepin for migraines and it has worked beautifully.  The side effects can be bothersome but they are better then frequent migraines.
42: I'm very satisfied with Doxepin.  I've taken it for 11 years, 100 mg for 7 years, and reduced to 50 mg since.  I started taking it for panic disorder.  Within 4 weeks it started working and I got my life back.  The only downside for me is the weight gain.  Otherwise, it's great!
43: This is an old med but it  helps me for sleep.
44: My doctor gave me 10 mg of this drug for sleep.  Does it cause weight gain at this low dose?
45: Have been taking 50mg. of Doxepin every night for about a month. I can fall asleep easily, but only stay asleep for about an hour, the rest of the night is spent tossing and turning.
46: This medication gave me severe leg cramps at night when i would fall asleep.
47: My depression has been helped, but am having issues with dizzy spells in the morning hours
48: I was prescribed this for eczema in both hands. It did gradually beat the eczema over the course of a few months, and in those months, I discovered a pleasant side effect: It caused a good solid 8-9 hours of sleep about 90 minutes after ingestion. I did have a few days where I was late for work, but once I realized that the doxepin was making me sleep that deeply, I simply timed my dose so that I'd crash around 10 pm, and wake up at 7 pm fully rested. I feel a tiny bit guilty saying this, but after the eczema was fully gone, I continued to take a doxepin pill any night when I felt the need to get a good night's sleep.

I know side effects can vary from person to person, so YMMW; but for me, doxepin has been a total net positive.Read More Read Less
49: I couldn't even last six months on Doxepin.  I took it to help me with sleep.  I'm bipolar, usually manic, and need an aid for sleep.  Prior to being on Doxepin I was taking Thorazine.  I later found out that being on too many antipsychotics was bad.  I asked my doctor if there was anything we could do and he suggested trying Doxepin.  He also said that it is an antidepressant and I was happy with that because I can use all the help I can get.  I took Doxepin and was able to sleep fine.  It was recommended for me to take one or two 50mg pills.  I found that I needed two.  a little more time passed.  I was happily getting sound sleep and had no side effects from it.  A little while later I had a problem!  I had gained some weight.  I kept taking it, hoping I would level off somewhere.  After almost two months I decided to call it quits.  I had gained 10 pounds.  I didn't want to risk any more weight gain, which was a shame because the sleep was sound.  Now I'm on Trazadone and I am a little apprehensive about it.  It helps with sleep but I suspect it's making me nauseous or something.  See, I'm on a lot of meds so it's hard to keep track.  But I'm suspicious.  As for the Doxepin, I'd say great sleep, but watch out for the weight gain.  I hope it works for you.Read More Read Less
50: I started on Doxepin 10mg. due to lack of sleep associated with taking Prozac.  I have suffered in the past with insomia, panic attacks etc due to being a caregiver for family. I have gained some weight but overall it really helps me sleep.
51: I was prescribed Doxepin for an unexplained skin condition that causes me a lot of itching and lack of sleep.  I only take one 10mg capsule two hours before bed.  I have been on it for one week.  Knocks me out after about two hours of taking it.  I wake up a tiny bit sleepy but do not have the harsh drowsiness during the day from other drugs. I have noticed a major increase in my appetite.  After reading other comments I found this is normal.  So far it has not helped with the itching at all but has helped me get a good nights sleep which has improved my lifestyle. Still unsure how I feel about it overall
52: This medicine was given to me to treat anxiety, i noticed a more relaxed mood, which origianlly came from lack of sleep as a side effect of waking up all through the night due to startling very vivid nightmares, it took a while and some adjustment in dosage to get past that, i still have panic attacks from time to time but they arent as overwhelming or as frequent as they were before taking the medication it also helped with my night time back pain and day time stiffness however 1 side effect lead to high blood pressure which is being treated and is under control.Read More Read Less
53: This drug made me feel angry all the time. If I wasnt angry I was crying. It was no help with my OCD issues either. It worked great for sleep, too good, it was hard getting up in the mornings. I dont recommend this drug.
54: I got delusions when using it with 20 mg. of sustained release OxyContin.eqwuc4
55: I still woke up several times during the night. I was very sleepy all the next day and had to take a nap.
56: i am of the opinion that  this medication has performed for sleeplessness.
57: I had traumatic brain injury on 12 12 2014, just from falling down basement carpeted stairs. My brain had midline shift, pieces of skull went into brain.  My fantastic  neurosurgeon  gave me 2 hrs to live after removing  skull to relieve pressure off brain.  I was in coma, family was told if I did survive I would have to learn to walk and talk again.  I am a miracle.  This med and all the others that I am lucky enough to be on is the best, just as all my neurosurgeons.  It has been a long road.  On valentine's day I got appendicites, 3 days before my skull was replaced along with 5 pieces of titanium.  I hade terrible reaction to the anesthesia.  I was throwing up for 3 days, along with the day of skull replaced.  Lucky neurosurgeons were able to do their fantastic job.  The 2nd stitch that they removed, my head started bleeding.  No big deal.  If you see me now, you would never know what I have been through.  I take 10 pills a day, but I thank God every single morning, before I get out of bed.  I take 2 in morning  and 3 before  bed.  Yhis is the 3th perscription  I have tried. 3rd time really is a charm.  I had no side effects.  Michele, from pa, I love geisinger hospital, all employees, even the valet staff.          Read More Read Less
58: not so depressed
59: I was originally put on this for severe insomnia related to anxiety/depression due to a health issue I was dealing well with.  I was put up to 150 mgs and stayed on it for a couple years.  Yes, you are really tired at first but after a week or so and with a little caffiene you don't notice it anymore.  It saved my life.  I was hospitalized and the first night I took it I slept like a baby after 6 months of trying every other med under the sun.  I ended up tapering off the med when I got better with no withdrawls whatsoever.  I went back on it briefly a year or so later but only 10 mgs for sleep and stopped again.  I am now on 10 mgs again due to severe stress causing sleep issues again and feel fine.  All in all I've taken it on and off for about 5 years with no issues.  It does increase your appetite though so when they say it cause weight gain it's because it does make you feel more hungry.  If you just eat normal then it shouldn't be a problem.Read More Read Less
60: PANIC ATTACTS
61: I have been on doxepin for about 4 years, it help me with my anxiety, and also help me sleep at night, being diabetic I was waking up every 40 minutes all night long, I take 200mgs of doxepin daily - 50mg at 10:00 am another 50 at 3:00 pm so I can function at work, then 100mg about 8:00 and I sleep very well at night.
62: I have been on this med for 3 months. It has not helped my depression. Unlke many reveiws it has killed my appetite. I have lost a lot of weight which I needed to. but the side effects are to great.and everyone takes it for sleep.... it makes me even more nervous and caint rest or sleep. Maybe it is my age.going to doc mon,to start getting off of it. Thank-you.
63: i feel very anxious when i first take the drug only 50 mg but it knocks me out to sleep and i have no pain works great.
64: I use this medication for migraines. It seems to be the only medication that has worked for me...overall it works magic.     The only problem with this medication that I have encountered is that it is difficult to come off of it. The withdrawls are tough, so you can't just jump off of it.
65: My doctor recommend this to me for my insomnia associated with my depression, only at night and I take 100mg a night and I sleep wonderful, I have not had any terrible side effects and I'm just thankful they found me something that helps me sleep now....tried the Ambien Lunesta nothing worked, then I read a review that this was also used for nerve pain, I noticed I haven't had as much pain in my leg from my back after surgery like I did, so maybe thats another benefit...
66: This medication helps me sleep, but I sleep for 12-24 hours when I take it. When I do wake up, I feel "doped" or "hungover". I am taking 100 mgs at night, but I can't take it every night. Am I the only one to experience the problem of too much sleep?
67: I have been on this drug for just over 1 week.  It was prescribed to help relieve my itching scalp.  So far it has been of NO help ... for my scalp, but it does help for sleeping.
68: Side effects were not worth taking the medication.
69: I take 10mg.at bedtime and it has helped me stay asleep but takes about 2 hours to feel the effects. I always take it two hours before I plan on going to bed.Helps a little with anxiety but not much, more for sleep.
70: I am taking this at night to help me with insomnia associated with depression and anxiety..I take prozac during the day and doxepin at night about two hours before i want to go to sleep. It knocks me out!!! I have to go to bed or I would fall asleep in the hallway on the way! I have not had any nightmares on this which I tend to do with new meds so that is a good thing. I like it so far..doing what is is supposed to do for me.
71: i experience severe abdominal pain and this medication has changed my life.  I am able to do all the things I enjoy and could not due before due to the pain.
72: it stopped the itching but i was totally drugged up. so dizzy even in bed rolling over i was dizzy. so groggy couldn't go to work. these effects lasted several days after taking only 1 pill.
73: Have been taking this medication for over 20 years for sleep problems associated with fibromyalgia. It works beautifully - I sleep all night with no day time drowsiness.
74: Didn't Sleep much,restless sleep Strange feelings the next day
75: Good job helping me to get to sleep.  It will increase appetite.  That might be good if you have been losing weight as a result of your condition.  It can have sexual side effects.
76: I have treatment resistant psychotic depression plus panic disorder. In my early to mid 20's GP put me on a low dose of this to fight panic - worked quite well for 2 years.  I received diagnosis of anxious depression with psychotic features at 28 during a severe psychotic depressive break so they put me back on it at a higher dose, plus thiothixene. Worked wonderfully after about 1 month.  Even several years later when I stopped the thiothixene due to tardive dyskenesia, doxepin continued to let me sleep properly and took away most of the anxiety, as well as depression and suicidal ideation. The big drawback was considerable weight gain, especially once I stopped smoking, plus chronic dry mouth and constipation. Due to weight gain and hypertension diagnosis, doc took me off it and despite trying a buttload of SSRI's none worked so went back to a low dose.  Only 2 other meds have worked since, one now banned in Canada (Nefazodone) and a new one which they have prescribed off-label at the same dose as for bipolar depression.   Read More Read Less
77: I've used doxepin for insomnia for quite a few years.  It helps me tremendously with getting enough sleep.  I do take a 2-day "vacation" each week from the med, which seems to help avoid a build up of tolerance to the sedative effect.  Side effects have been minimal for me.
78: i have been takeing this drug for the past 10 years with very good results. if i run out, oh man can i tell it. this drug really helps me get to sleep at night. i am a disabled veteran and the VA is where i get this medication.
79: I have had insomnia for most of my adult life. I've tried many meds, and most either do not work or have had horrible side effects. Doxepin fits in the later. I started at 10 mg, and over the course of the month was increased to 30 mgs. Afte taking 30mgs for 2 day, I had a grand mal seizure while at my daughters school. The ER told me to immediately stop taking doxepin, and upon follow up with my PCP, he agreed. Now I can't drive for 3 months, assuming I have no further seizues.
80: I am writing this because my husband takes it to sleep.It works for putting him to sleep but OMG the next day he is mean as a rattlesnake. Moody, Snappy. Then once it wears off he's back to his normal self. I wish he could find something else to take because this makes him a different person for several hours the next day.
81: i have weight gain ,severe bloating, difficult to get up in morning,very sad
82: I am sleeping better and not having irratic racing thoughts nite & day
83: My physician started me on this for insomnia - it seemed like it might help but was taking a few weeks plus I was having severe muscle spasms primarily in my legs and lower back.  It made me worse and now I cannot sleep much at all.  I slowly tapered off of it and now I cannot get any relief whatsoever.
84: Doxepin has been the best prescription for depression and insomnia for me. Gave me a huge appetite though and I gained over 20lbs in the first month of taking it. I would rather be happy and not tired so weight gain doesn't bother me. No bad side effects at all.
85: has redoced etiching area but enough itc. area left to cause discomfort
86: it is not helping me at all. i still pick my fingers.ocd.
87: NO SLEEP HEADACHES IBS
88: Doxepine helps me sleep sound, remain level-headed, prevents my IBS from acting up.  In the beginning it gave me slight hand tremors (unnoticable to anyone, except me), constipation, and dry mouth.  All disappeared after a couple of weeks.
89: I was prescribed Doxepin by my dermatologist to help me deal with itching associated with psoriasis, and also to help me sleep. I have been BEYOND satisfied with the results! It worked for the itching and sleeplessness, and for the first time I had some relief. It also has totally turned my moods around and I feel better (emotionally) than I have in probably 3 years. I've taken every popular antidepressant in the past, with poor to disastrous results, but I think this one is working!! I'm planning to ask my doc if I can continue it as simply an antidepressant when my psoriasis flare and itching have cleared. Let me clearly state that I would have refused an antidepressant if it had been offered as such, due to past experience, but I'm thrilled that it's had that effect!Read More Read Less
90: Have severe dermatographism/uticaria (hives all over body with severe itching). Have only taken 25mg nightly for 3 days now and have had virtually NO itching. Have had condition since Jan 2010 and nothing had helped, even after going to ER. I am working with my allergist who prescribed this. Only draw back is already see weight gain and am always hungry. Don't like that but the itching was totally incopacitating. Hoping doctor can give me something to offset the weight gain but if it keeps working for the itch will continue using. Literally life changing effect.Read More Read Less
91: taken off & on for many years.(25mg.) great for sleep,ok for nerve pain from narrowing of the facet joints on the spine. although you get great sleep, mainly from being knocked out, I have had many many mornings when I had to peel myself off the mattress when trying to get up, this med gives you a drug hangover like you had been heavy drinking the night before. also Pain Doc stated that this med will also enhance the effects of the other med you take(4 other scripts w/this one). No problems stopping this med when you have a substitute med. after many years I had grown a tolerence to the med and had to change to other drug (klonipin) which works great also, without the drug hangover the next day. but I always have the Doc change the med every few years, fear of addiction. havent had any withdrawal systems from doxepin, but have extremely sever withdrawals when I run out of Ultram (300mg/day) Doc doesn't know if it is related to the doxepin(25mg)Read More Read Less
92: A Rhumtologist gave me this drug for fibromyalgia several years ago to help me get a good rest, which he said was important with fibro.  It has worked fine with a few exceptions when I was stressed and needed to take a valium to settle down in order to sleep.  This was not often.  But my psychiatrist took me off of it about a month ago all at once, not tapered.  I had terrible pain in my legs and get only 3-4 hrs. of sleep at night.  I didn't know it had anything to do with my 100 pound weight gain in the past 10 years.  Right now I'm coping.Read More Read Less
93: Took for insomnia.  It wired me to the teeth.  Paradoxical response.
94: prior to use I was okay with depression. Since being on it my mood has crashed!!  My doctor also knows about my epilepsy and he put me on it anyways when a side effect is possible seizures. Dumb doc!!
95: 10mg prescription subscribed.  Take 1 to 3 for effectivness.  Taking 3 I can get to sleep, but it drugs me the next day and leaves me dizzy for up to 3 days after.
96: Started taking this drug about 3 or 4 years ago, I have gained 35-40 pounds. I am taking 25mg. And I am stopping it as of yesterday.  I hope I will lose this weight. I started taking it because my son passed away and I had a lot of anxiety. But I am stopping, I hope I am ok.
97: So I take this for pain because my pain is so bad from fibro, lupus and arthritis, I can't fall asleep or stay asleep and since starting it a week ago, I have been able to fall asleep without tossing and turning into, but I have had nausea, headaches, random dizzy spells and a strange rush feeling that makes my head feels cold and hot, detached and like I'm going to throw up. I have been on this for a week and a half at 10mg. While I like the sleep... I'm not certain I am going to continue this treatment. My heart does not feel right, it feels fluttery and I feel woozy. I'm also getting a very stiff neck and not sure if this is a symptom or not.Read More Read Less
98: ok
99: Sorry ahead of time for a novel length review, but I think all following aspects are important to take into account with this medication as I take many medications and have many disorders. I also have never written a review for a medication, but after reading these scary reviews before taking Doxepin I felt the need to throw my two cents in to maybe encourage people to at least try it before flat out saying no to their doctor.

A bit of my background: I have bipolar, insomnia, general anxiety, panic disorder, and ADHD which of course all of those, and the corresponding medications taken for each disorder, make getting a good nights sleep a nightmare (no pun intended). I've had difficulty sleeping since I was a teenager, and after being diagnosed in my early 20s with all those issues it made sense why I have  so much trouble sleeping. I have also been incredibly tired during the day every single day of my life (even while using stimulants in the daytime for my ADHD) since I can remember, and I started thinking I had a type of narcolepsy because I just felt like a zombie every day (hypochondriac much???).

I have taken so many different sleep aids over the years: Ambien, Lunesta, Hydroxyzine, Trazodone, you name it. All of which made me incredibly groggy the next day, or just gave me unwanted side effects (thank you Ambien for the four hour hallucinations that I didn't ask for of fairies flying around a forest that grew on my walls keeping me up which completely defeated the purpose of Ambien). I had brought up my sleep issues to my psychiatrist before, but never the chronic daytime sleepiness. I finally brought it up to her, and she thought that I may be constantly tired due to poor sleep. I didn't believe it at first because I rarely remember waking up during the night. 

Now to the medication: She mentioned Silenor aka Doxepin this go around, and how at high doses it is used for depression, but in very low doses it is used to help people to sleep. I was very interested as it's not habit forming (I don't need or want more addictive medications than I already take), and at the low doses for sleep it has pretty minimal side effects. For reference, I currently take the lowest 3mg dose as that is enough for me, and I have not found the need to double up to 6mg. 

However, I was incredibly worried about taking this medication because of one of the more scary side effects: sleep driving, walking, eating, etc. just like Ambien can potentially cause. For the first five days taking this medication I gave my car keys to my mom to hide at night, had potentially dangerous items stored away by my family where I wouldn't find them if I did sleep walk, and had my family keep an eye on me for any signs of sleep "doing" things. 

When I woke up the following mornings there were absolutely no signs of sleep "doing" things, thank goodness. My doctor was right about why I was so tired during the day because I have even better news; I felt the most well rested I ever have, and I can't even remember the last time I woke up feeling this great. I woke up feeling weirdly amazing even before my alarm went off when I usually press snooze 10 times, no grogginess at all, had enough energy all day to get everything done that needed to be done.

I have now been taking this medication for about two months with no issues, and still wake up feeling great and well rested. I really hope this one doesn't stop randomly working for me like other medications have in the past. Some nights I will forget to take it, and I definitely notice a major difference the next day where I'm tired and groggy compared to when I do take it. I rated "ease of use" a four only due to having to take it on an empty stomach (at least 3 hours since you've last eaten), but sometimes I forget that I ate recently and haven't noticed a difference in efficacy of sleep. Not sure why you have to take it on an empty stomach, but that's a question to ask your doctor.

I highly recommend at least TRead More Read Less
100: I have found that this medication has worked for me to an extent. for about one month Doxepin has assisted me with sleep unfortunatley due to my gastritis I have had acid reflux during my sleep and have awaken with fluid flowing from my nose, I had to discontinue the treatment. I found that with stoppage of the medication and taken gatril medication the reflux has subsided
101: It helps me to feel sleepy but I still wake up a few times at night, then I am so sleepy all day I need a nap.
102: I was put on this for insomnia due to Ambien failing to work after so many years.  This drug is strong enough to put a bear down.  The side effects that I experienced were a very, very, very dry mouth, slurred speech (everytime I would speak), and always sleepy.  I instantly had my doctor take me off.  Never, ever again!!!!! I wasn't even able to function during the day.
103: releaves pain
104: This med seemed to stop my itching for the most part.  I try to take it 2 hrs before I want to go to sleep & have a hard time getting to sleep at night, then in the morning I am very groggy.
105: I've been on Doxepin for over a year now to help with sleep.  I get migraines and lack of sleep was a trigger.  It has done wonders as far as that is concerned!  Whenever I wake up in the middle of the night now, I'm able to just roll over and fall right back to sleep. BUT, unfortunately, I believe it's also contributed to hair loss... as in chunks of hair coming out!  Now I take another medicine, too, and if Doxepin is the sole reason, or if it's the combination of the two medicines, I don't know, but I DO believe it is a contributing factor.  I'm afraid I'm going to have to retire this one and seek another sleep aid for awhile.  It was nice while it lasted!  Read More Read Less
106: this medication is well tolerated by me but I have to be careful and watch for drug interactions
107: I've been on 150 mg once a day for over 30 years. But I think it is not as affective as it use to be. I'm going to ask to be taken off it.
108: I have been taking doxepin after trazadone was giving me vivid dreams. I am sorry to say this medicine scares me! The reason- 3 episodes that scared everyone around me. If you take it go straight to bed/sleep. not advising anyone to fight it when you are tired please dont fight it. My first episode landed me in the hospital only to people to make fun of actions i done, with not remembering any of it! Its very scary when you hurt your family by punching them, creating a fake baby in the hospital, Damaging your loved ones property. Whats sad is they tell you off the wall things that you know you would never do. Please be aware, ask your doctor why this medication causes so many problems and no one can remember what people say that u did it without being aware of it.Read More Read Less
109: Was given this in a constant cocktail of antidepressants in the late 1990s.i gained over 40 lbs in 3 months. I stopped by here just to see if this drug was still being prescribed. 15 years and I've never been able to get that 40 lbs back off. It's as if it reset my "normal" from 125 to 165. :(
110: it eased my back pain
111: I am bipolar and was given this drug by my psychiatrist for difficulty sleeping due to my current manic state. I also take Xanax for anxiety. To me, the xanax works better to help me sleep than the doxepin does. The jury is still out on the the effectiveness. I have only been taking it for a few days. I have found it to increase my appetite and am worried about gaining weight. I have read the reviews here on this drug and see that I am taking a relatively low dose. My psychiatrist recommended this instead of Xanax because of the non-habit forming properties. I will continue with this dose of 20 mg for another week and monitor my weight gain. I'm just hoping for 7 hours of sleep a night.Read More Read Less
112: It helps me get to sleep but doesn't keep me asleep. I wake up off and on several times during the night and I've gained nearly 10 pounds while taking this medication. I've been on it for about 1 1/2-2 yrs.
113: I had been given so many meds for sleep and they weren't working for me after awhile but this med is great. Once in a while it wouldn't work but it was rare. I can wake up pretty quickly with it.
114: very dizzy and tired
115: I use to throw up everyday of my life for years no doctors could find out why until i found one who diagnose me with a sensitive stomach with acid reflux after taking this medicine i stopped throwing up immediately. i have been on it for four months and i love the results.
116: Perhaps the 25mg is ineffective for a very large man.  Perhaps 'tis ineffective as I have a natural resistance to anesthesia that may be reflected by this drug. I continue to be sleep deprived.
117: I was prescribed doxepin for insomia. I have taken 3 other prescribed meds for insomia and did not work. I have been taking doxepin for 4 days now. The 1st day after taking the 1st dose, I was real shakey, off balanced, really sleepy, dizzy, light headed, thirsty and hungry! I'm still real hungry and I'm eating a lot. I sleep about 4-5 hours now (was 2-3) and real drowsey in the mornings. I'm going to give the drug more time to work but may need to come off doxepin if I can not get my hunger under control.Read More Read Less
118: Taking 10 mgs w/2 mgs klonapin.  Usually sleep thru the night now after about 5 years of "airplane sleeping" i.e. fall asleep out of sheer exhaustion for 2 hours, then awake for two hours, nap on and off 3 or 4 hours.  Haven't tried it w/o the klonapin but have tried klonapin w/o doxapin and get about 4 -5 hours of pretty restless sleep.  So it's good.  I sleep about 8 hours a night now.  BUT I feel kind of groggy and dopey for the first hour or 2 after awakening.
119: I have been on this drug on and off since 1976.  It has saved my life. For whatever the reason, I found that the brand name drug, Sinequan works better for my symptoms than the generic drug.This was confirmed by my psychiatrist, who told me that there is a difference between some generic drugs and brand names. Unfortunately, Pfizer, which produced the drug, no longer offers the it. I am now taking the generic form, and it is helpful, but not as much as the original. I have a spastic colon as well for which the brand name worked miracles.Read More Read Less
120: I have been on this medication for 3 years, mainly to help me sleep.  I take 50 mg at night.  At first I have very vivid dreams, not nightmarish or anything, just vivid.  Over time that has gone away and it just helps me with sleep due to chronic back pain.
121: My pharmacy called me yesterday to tell me my doxpin would cost me $500 with insurnace. So this isnt going to be my sleepingpill.
122: Trouble sleeping, high blood sugar, nervous
123: I've been on Doxepin for a few months. It calms me right down when I'm anxious and can't sleep. I take it around 6pm to avoid daytime drowsyness. I can tell the difference when I don't take it.
124: I've only been on this medicine for a few days now at a dose of 50mg nightly along with 10mg of Ambien. Because I have horrible nightmares due to PTSD, I have severe difficulty in staying asleep after I have nightmares. However, even when I'm awakened even a couple times I find I'm generally able to go back to sleep fairly quickly. I actually get at least 6 hours NIGHTLY, and usually more!! This is a HUGE improvement for me since I was barely surviving on 3 or 4 hours sleep WEEKLY!! Yes, I realize the dosage will need adjustment when I stop taking the Ambien because I don't want to become dependent on the Ambien, but I really feel like there's hope for me, finally! :) I'll review again after I've used it a while without the Ambien. Wish me luck. It would be sooo cool to sleep to sleep like regular people.Read More Read Less
125: I use this medication for insomnia associated with chronic pain. Doxepin has been somewhat useful in getting sleep, but seems to become more ineffective for me with longer use, and have only been on for 6 weeks. It has somewhat improved my depression as well, but I have noticed mild irritability. I don't feel this medication is as effective for me as it should be. At least no nightmares, which I am prone to when I use any type of sleep medication.
126: I started taking this medication to help me sleep through the night. I couldn't sleep due to severe pain was taking 25mg a night and worked GREAT for a while. I have now been taking it for 2 months and can't wake up in the mornings, I end up falling asleep at 2-4am and sleeping till noon the next day. Also, didn't find out until today that the extra weight I put on was from it and the major swelling in my hands as well. I also have HORRIBLE heartburn at night after taking the medication. Luckily the pain isn't half as bad so I can sleep without it now. I am coming off of this stuff. It did help with the bouts of depression I had as well.Read More Read Less
127: I take this medication for bowel spasms.  When I first started this drug 4 years ago, it took me 4 to 6 weeks for my body to get used to it.  I experienced sleepiness and had vivid dreams.  My body has now gotten used to it and it has help my IBS and bowel spasms greatly.  I still experience some flareups but not as frequently as before taking this medication.
128: I was prescribed this for severe chronic hives that I get every day. I just started using this along with other meds and so far there has been an improvement.  If I start gaining weight, I will discontinue as I would rather have hives than weight gain
129: I was given this drug for migraines however when i took I could not get fully awake for over eighteen hours--i was very irriatable and high anxiety---would not recomend this drug--be very carefull-----
130: BAD STUFFys8
131: I was prescribed this drug for sever itching which other treatments did not work.  My itching kept me up at night and was really becoming a problem.  After starting doxepin 10 mg.  I no longer have the itching as severe as it was.  It has increased the quality of my life.
132: I was using Sertraline for 2 years , i couldn’t sleep well. I only try 1 week this drug and i woke up around 2am, back to sleep around 4am and I couldn’t wake up for work and i slept until 3pm, and feel very asleep. During that week i gained 4lbs. My anxiety went worst. Please don’t use this medication.
133: Been on it for about 4 yrs. It has helped overall with virtualy no side effects. It has not worked as well lately. It still helps with the depression but not the insomnia or the neuropthy ( nerve pain ). I may have to change to another medicine my doctor agrees.
134: for this to be given at a 10mg dose and not to make me feel the least bit at ease, or sleepy was a little upsetting, especially when I need the relief that I was seeking at time of md visit.
135: I have gained ten pounds in a little more than a month.It has helped my depression.I take it at bedtime to sleep I do not like the weight increase.I stay short of breath and I still feel tired the next day.
136: I started at 50mg and it took me 36 hours to shake off the effect of this drug. I slept 24 hours straight.
137: sleep
138: Have had severe itching for about6 years after having 3 heart attacks, and have been on heart meds. Have tried all of the normal drugs, nothing worked for the itching. Have been on this for about a week, and I consider it a miracle drug. Don't like the fact that its a antidepressant, cause I do not need that, but it sure works wonders for my itching.
139: for restless leg syndrome
140: I took 2 twice a day and all i did was sleep.
141: I was taking this medication for over 6 months at 200mg. It worked well in the beginning, but started to lose its effectiveness. The other issue was the weight gain associated with the medication, probably because of the high dose
142: I started on Doxepin in 1976 and have taken it for most of that time. I sleep very well at night, and am relieved of problems of insomnia. I take 300 mg at bedtime every day. Weight gain a problem. I tried many other anti-depressants and had poor results with them. I am also very much helped with Problems of depression.
143: I started taking his medication after being diagnosed with clinical depression 34 years ago.  After suffering with this for a very long time, and after trial and error with other prescriptions, this was the most effective.  I do have to try to take it 2 hours before going to bed as it does make me sleepy.  That has an added benefit because now that I have been diagnosed with Spinal Stenosis, with severe pain during the day, I am able to sleep through the night.  So, for me it's a wonder drug even if it's an oldie!  When a doctor asks me how it makes me feel I can honestly say that this is the only time  (at last) that I feel like normal people!!   Sane! Read More Read Less
144: I take it as well for insomnia but I suffer from itching, too.  I take 10mg as prescribe for me to take one or two at bedtime. I am content with the results with choosing to take one regularly than taking two.
145: i have been having trouble sleeing for many years. started taking a sleeping pill did not work, dr. started me on doxepin along with my sleeping pill and i have been getting any where from 5 to 8 hours of slee,so far no side affects.
146: I was prescribed this Med for excessive itching said to be lichen simplex.  It seems to help but have found it to be very sedating and problems with weight gain.
147: This medication has been of no help to me. After 3 months of taking it, I'm still having trouble getting to sleep and staying asleep.
148: I was prescribed Doxepin in a smaller dose for Fibromyalsia pain. I can finally sleep  at night. This has improved my quality of life.
149: Drug was given to me for insomnia as Trazodone was not working.  I did not have a full night of sleep and felt very sleepy the next day.
150: i dont think its doing what it was prescribed for.
151: severe heart burn bloating gas and gastritis after taking this medication
152: Make sure you have the next day to sleep if your side effects are like mine. I took it and about 30 minutes later I was out like a light. I woke up at 2 am trying to catch my breath like I had quit breathing. Went back to sleep and woke up for work at 3am. It was hard getting moving but once I got to work I was fine. After 3 hours at work I came home literally fell on my bed and passed out for 6 hours. Didn't hear the phone..nothing. Got up for about an hour and went back to bed for the night. Never again.Read More Read Less
153: When I had a complete hysterectomy at 32, my whole system was turned upside down. Cancer therapy really complicated things.  I ended up with chronic chemical imbalance depression--and went from a perennially happy person to a morose person who didn't leave my home and gained fifty pounds on a 115 pound body!  When I finally got help, several different antidepressants were tried and I was like a zombie--and still didn't go out of my house! But, my therapist hung in there with me and he started me out on a low dose of doxipin, gradually adding  to it until I began to feel like my old self.  I didn't have any side effects, I wasn't like a zombie and I felt like doing things.  And, I slept well at night. We got me started with a walking program and then I joined Weight Watchers. Bit by bit I began to get my life back and reached my goal of 112 pounds 14 months later. I also became an employee of Weight Watchers. That was in 1985. I have been on a maintenance dose of 150 mg once at night since then and got my life back!    I own a very busy business now, and my husband and I are so thankful for this medication. I don't have that horrible intractable feeling anymore that just dragged me down-I have fun in my life and if I feel depressed now, it's the same kind of thing that would normally depress anyone. The loss of a loved one or a friend, sadness over a world event--things that would affect most people in the same way--and it passes. During the past twenty years, I have helped raise one grandchild and now have two little ones that my husband and I adore.  Without the medication, I don't think I would have ever been able to enjoy them or have the successful business we have. We are both grateful for our good life and a doctor who knew how to really help me.Read More Read Less
154: Finally sleep.  The weight gain is my concern.  Some joint stiffness.  Other than that it works for me. Meds do not seem to absorb well in my system, so I take 100mg. I may try to cut back again, I do not like the weight gain.
155: suppose to help me sleep,,but first night I still staed up to 4:30 am
156: This medication also helps me sleep.
157: I was prescribed this med. because I had trouble getting to sleep and staying asleep.  It has worked very well for me.
158: The only problem ive had with it is I didnt get how certain foods interacted with this medication, when it was increased, i started having tremors/jerking tremors, and i looked up online about what could cause it and found out that raisins and bananas were not a good mix with doxepin,and i ate them every day, so i stopped eating the raisins and bananas and the tremors and jerkeing stopped automatically i was like , WOW !
159: I started this med 2 weeks ago for help with my migraines and sleep but now I can't stop eating and I am ill all the time. I am gonna call my Dr and ask him to prescribe me something else.
160: I started on this medication 1-9-09 and was doing fine untill today,I am having panic attacts,anxiety,and sucidal thoughts that is not me and alot of nerveness which i have already called my Dr. about,just waing on a call.I DO NOT LIKE THIS MEDICATION!
161: reduces anxiety and helps me sleep, but gives me tremors in the hands, which interferes with my work (translator and web developer, so I need to type all day, which is difficult when my hands shake). I stopped taking it due to the tremors.
162: I've had only positive results with this drug and am dismayed that my physician advises me she is no longer allowed to prescribe it for me.  Can you explain why the government is withdrawing this drug for patients over 65?
163: This medication has worked wonders for me.  I sleep through the night with no problem.
164: i use this Doxipen 150 mg for sleep. so far it has worked.
165: i have been on this medication for around a year now, before this i was on trazadone which did nothing for me. i got put on this medication when i was 12 and i had been on 150 mgs for 3 months to which they put it back down to 100 mgs because it was making me too tired all the time.  i got put on doxepin when i went to the horsham clinic at 12 years old. everything has just been a shitshow with my meds.
166: I have wide range pain and problems sleeping.This drug has worked very well for me.I have been taking it fore 7 years.This drug does not cost alot of money.
167: I was prescribed this medication as a sllep aid. Works very well. Be prepared for 8-12 hours of sleep.
168: I was prescribed this medication 9 months ago for mysterious recurring hives. I was taking 75 mg every night and not only did the hives nearly stop (I had maybe 3 outbreaks of them the entire 9 months) but I slept great every night. That being said, I felt like I was never getting enough sleep and I gained weight. Also, even though I slowly tapered off of it, I did not sleep for 3 days after I took my last dose. Worked great for the hives, but the hives for me aren't as bad as the constantly feeling sleepy.Read More Read Less
169: I FEEL BETTER THAN I EVER HAVE I WAS ABLE TO SLEEP
170: This was prescribed for a itching skin rash that would not go away. When 10 MG gave no relief the dosage was increased to 20 MG. The first night I had the most frightening nightmares I had ever experienced. Waking up from one, only produced another one worse than before. Since I needed the sleep  I fell asleep again. Only to experience a nightmare that caused me to wake up screaming. I wear a CPAP mask which I broke trying to get it off my face. This nightmare put me into a deep depression that did not subside for 48 hours. Needless to say I do not take this drug any more. I now deal with the itching by applying a compound ointment very frequently
171: Zoloft gave me terrible cramps at the back of my head and neck but made me feel wonderful but without energy. Lexapro - still had the head/neck cramps but also super agitated and couldn't sleep. Doxepin 10 mgs mixed with 18 mgs of zoloft - I feel really good and have lovely energy - but I can't sleep. I seem to be unable to sleep with any medication that ups my energy.
172: It worked wonders for my hives but side effects were almost as bad as predisone.
173: Side effects were worse than the itching.
174: This is the first med that I have taken that I am pleased with the effects. I can sleep at night --all night. My stomach is at ease with what ever I eat. I could just hug my doc for meds.
175: I've only taken it the first night (last night) and only 3mg. It was enough for me to really feel good! I have fibro and take a muscle relaxer to sleep. I was sleeping all night, but would always wake up more tired than I went to bed. This morning, I woke up feeling GREAT!!! Felt more relaxed than I have in months!! Even continued to keep telling my husband how great I felt (think it may have annoyed him a bit!). I'll just need to watch my weight!
176: Does not wear off until noon next day
177: Started taking to help with depression and insomnia, worked for a few nights then after that it was like I drank coffee before going to bed.  Major insomnia from it.
178: I have had chronic insomnia all my life. I am 60 now. I was always tired and acted out as a child to keep awake. Finally I went to a sleep clinic for sleep disorders. The research Dr. put me on Doxepin 3mg. 2 hrs. before bed. The first wkend I was groggy after that no side effects at all, however I finally sleep!! I sleep! I wake to go to the bathroom but I am able to resume sleep when I return directly to bed. I am full of energy through the day. She has now prescribed a pill form 3mg. dose to make it more convenient for when I'm out in the evening. I can't tell you how deeply grateful I am. The smaller dose works better for chronic insomnia with most patients.    Read More Read Less
179: I took 75mg at bedtime. it messed me up I have done nothing but sleep! I can't thing straight and it's 7pm the next day and & I still can't function! Yes it may help you sleep but not worth it side effects of next day I got from it. Be cautious of this drug
180: I started Doxepin for insomnia. I've been taking it for almost 3 months. I agree with other reviews about being very groggy. I also, have developed eye pain and severe  neck pain. I don't take any other meds, so it must be from the Doxepin. I'm gonna stop taking it and go back to my doctor.
181: I received relief from my anxiety almost immediately. The fact that it's non habit forming is a big plus for me as I'm in recovery and can't take anything that I could develope a dependence on.
182: I have had trouble falling asleep for years. Tired of taking addictive meds. 6 mg of this med and I was asleep in an hour and woke up feeling refreshed after 8 hours of sleep. Finally, something safe that works for me!
183: For the first few days, I remained sleepy for a long time afterward, but that symptom is going away. Makes me sleep very well without interruption and I have had no other side effects.
184: this drug is very strong and takes a very long time to get out of your system.  I was zoned out, and very incoherent for atleast 16 hours.  I took one pill at ten thirty pm and i didnt awake until 6pm the next evening, and when i did get up, i was very drowsy and could barly stay focussed. I ate supper at seven thirty pm and i was back asleep at eight thirty pm.  the next morning when i awoke, i was back to old self again.  This drug should only be used when your inlaws are coming to town, if you get my poing. Leave this alone, it's not worth the hassle, I promise.Read More Read Less
185: Prescribed for trouble sleeping and depression to try to replace Klonipin in the long run. READ WARNINGS & DO NOT TAKE! Got severe abnormal heartbeats, had to go to the hospital and monitor overnight to make sure no damage was done. And that was on the very lowest dose! Very scary experience, do not recommend. I feel much better now that I'm off of it.
186: I have been taking the doxepin for about three years not, I have take 50 mgs in the morning, 50 mgs in the afternoon and 150 mgs at 7:00 p.m to sleep throught the night I sleep very will no more insomnia, I wake up fine 5:30 a.m every morning for work 8-5 every day, with out it I do not sleep I am very satisfied with the medication.
187: I itched like crazy and then broke out. My head itched,my neck,my stomache and back. Dermatologist put me on Doxepin 3 times a day at 10mg each. Works great. No side effects. Sleep good is a side benefit I enjoy.
188: I was prescribed this drug for chronic insomnia,100mg. After reading all the reviews,I feel frustrated because this has not help me sleep. My Dr. put me on sonata, along with this to help my insomnia but I still have a hard time falling asleep. I have chronic pain and have had two neck surgeries so I have been on a lot of strong meds. I think I have a high tolerance to most meds. All this med has done for me is to gain 10lbs in 8 weeks.
189: Very effective. I have fibro and it helps alot. It is also great for my allergies and anxiety as well as depression. It does give me energy, and not a caffinated one.  No problems sleeping. Have increased my dosage and feeling much better overall
190: I an taking this for insomnia. I now sleep like a baby. I takes me abou four hours to come off of it. I also have severe heartburn, trouble urinating and swelleing of my hands and face. But I sleep great!
191: I need some medicine that take away me here thing and see anything
192: I have been taking this medication for 2 months now at 100mg per day. I use it for chronic utecaria and angioderma.  I take it with 75mg of benadryl everynight.  I sleep great, but I am very tired in the morning.  I'm always hungry. My symptoms are ALOT better, but not gone.
193: My doctor prescribed Doxepin for migraine prevention and also to help with insomnia. I only take 25 mg about 1/2 hour before bed and I sleep great! I go to bed at 10 pm and get up for work at 4:30 am with no hang-over drowsiness. My migraines have noticeably decreased also (I take this in combination with amlodipine for migraine prevention) When I first started taking it, I took 50 mg and noticed that I was gaining weight. I cut back to the 25 mg and I'm happy with the way it has helped me.
194: I was given Doxephin  mg twice a day for hives, rash. I am afraid to take this cause I cannot find where it is good for rash and hives.
195: This drug has worked very well for me for over 5 years.  I take it to help me sleep.
196: I was prescribed this medication for severe allergies; I would break out in one giant HIVE.  I have been taking it for 4 years now and LOVE IT.  I only take 25mg before bed time and yes it has helped me sleep.  But I do not notice the symptoms others have mentioned of being groggy or not able to wake up the next morning.  My DR has said I can take as much as 4-5 pills a day, though I find I am doing well with just one 25mg pill a day.  Occasionally I will have to pop another one because I just couldn’t resist shellfish or something that I am highly allergic to, but overall I love how this medication controls my allergy symptoms.Read More Read Less
197: This medication is pretty good at treating depression in my opinion. I was on it once before about 14 months ago and my doctor took me off of it and put me on Celexa ( not a good medicine at all ).Now for the last 3 months I have been on it and my doctor has me on 100mg. I dont feel so worthless anymore, but i still do have the ocassional crying session. Overall though i really would recomend this to people to try at least. The mg of the medication may have to be increased a couple of times, but stick with it and i think you will see it is worth the time
198: Tried this last night. Had trouble breathing, my heart was beating fast, very irritable. Extremely drowsy & I only took 5 mg! Could be the fact I have a little bit of asthma & a heart condition. Would NOT reccomend this to anyone who has asthma or heart problems. It's still in my system, having a tough time with side effects. I would have rather had no sleep at all. Not a pleasant experience!
199: I was put on Doxepin almost 30 years ago for a sleep disorder and it did work but as the years roll by , the dosage is less effective and you always have to increase it. Well unannouced to me I was at 200 mg per night and according to my doctor, that's the maximum you can take and at that level there are risks of a heart attack. So if you are at this level of dosage, you may want to consider other options. I, choose after 30 years of being on it to stop taking it all together. To tell the truth here, I feel a lot better now, losing weight and not so jittery any more. I quit cold turkey nd those who try will experience sleeplessness rebound. For awhile you wont sleep but if you adjust your sleep habits, all will be fine. Honestly here when i quit Doxepin, I tried to remember back 30 years why I was put on it in the first place and my memory failed me. Although I quit the drug not telling my doctor of my plan as in the past , he always told me not to quit it cold turkey, to slowly go off it with the help of a withdrawal program. My pills were costly me $140.00 for a month supply and for a drug that in my opinion wasn't working anymore. Remember, this is only my experience with Doxepin, everyone is different. Am I glad I quit Doxepin, "Oh you better beleive it" Do I ever need another sleep pill?," Never". Life is too short to be drugged up all the time. I choose to live life to the fullest , the way I was born to!! Take care everyone and God BlessRead More Read Less
200: I was prescribed this medicine for IBS.  I have been taking it for 3 weeks, and so far cannot tell that big of a difference.  I am hoping that it will decrease my bowel spasms and nausea.  I have had no side effects from this drug.
201: I take cymbalta already for fibromyligia, Then I was put on 25mg 2x a day but this medicine made me feel like I was out of my body it did not help me sleep or with my itching at all This is a bad drug for me I would not recommend it
202: not on it long enough to come to a conclusion
203: just started taking it my first night i got to sleep in about 40 minutes after taking it at 11:00 pm and i slept until one o'clock pm pretty good !
204: Was prescribed Doxepin 27 years ago for fibromyalgia and insomnia. This med allows me to sleep past 4 AM and wake up at my usual 7 AM.  When the fibromyalgia was complicated by CFIDS and new insomnia the Dr upped my dose. This was a mistake.  It was hellish, but I weaned myself from his unnecessarily high dose of 175 mg to 50 mg and have been stable on 50 mg for the past decade. This medication is a godsend for me.  To please other doctors I have tried to get off of it several times with no success. It works; it works at a low dose; I am staying on it.Read More Read Less
205: this drug allowed me to fall asleep in about 20 minutes rather than the 3 hours it used to take me. It relieves the anxious feelings that i used to have while trying to sleep.
206: Dr. prescribed 25mg of this med, along with Mirtazapine 15mg, and Melatonin 3mg. Had to increase Melatonin to 12 mg.  Prior to this, went 11 days w/avg. .75 hrs. sleep per night. Last night, slept 7.5 hrs.
207: I will NEVER take Doxepin again! 100mgs to 300mgs was prescribed for me to help with chronic insominia. I started with 100mg and it worked well, but after about a month it was ineffective so I went to 150mgs and it helped but ended with had the same effect. After a month or so, I had to increase the doseage until I was taking 300mgs at bedtime. It knocked me flat and I slept through the night. The problem was that the next morning I could hardly function! I was lightheaded, and had a strange feeling of "not really being here" and just a general malaise. It took the drug EIGHTEEN HOURS to wear off to the point that I was able to function again. I have stopped taking it and cannot sleep but hour or so at night and in the mornings I still feel awful! I can only blame it on the Doxepin because before taking Doxepin I felt fine in the mornings except for being sleepy as I did not have a good night's sleep. I have not taken Doxepin in 3 nights now and I STILL feel very, very drugged in the mornings. PLEASE do not take this drug. I would rather lay sleepless all night than get up in the mornings feeling as i do now - totally disconnected. I hope this feeling goes away when the Doxepin is out of my system - however long that may be......Read More Read Less
208: Was put on this med by a sleep specialist to treat insomnia.  Not only did it not help me sleep, the two days I took it were the two angriest days of my life.  I felt like I wanted to kill the next person who spoke to me.  Not for everyone.
209: Excellent for anxiety. Feels like valium without the euphoria. 50mg twice. Also help curb my Psychopathic motivations -without the need for anti psychotics.
210: I have cirrhosis and the itching keeps me up all night. The doxepin puts me to sleep and stay asleep. I love it.
211: I would not advise anyone to take this drug. I have been taking doxepin for over 11 years. I have been tired not able to do the things like keeping my house up or wanting to go anywhere. It has made my already slow heart beat worse, and my low bloodpressure lower. I have been to the hospital twice over my heart rate dropping to 42. I have stopped using this drug and I am improving but slowly. It made me also angry with the world. So please look at the side effects of this drug before using it.
212: I was having some kind of breakout that caused redness swelling and itching ALL OVER plus throat would close and I could not breathe! They hospitalized me and still didnt know what was wrong.  An allergist put me on doxepin to control the outbreaks and it worked.  They could never figure out what was causing it. But in case I had another outbreak where I couldn't breathe they equipped me with an EPI pen. A month later I took ibuprofen and had the same allergic reaction!  I've always taken ibuprofen apparently now I can't! I tried to get off of the doxepin for a week and started having the outbreaks again.  So I take it religiously at night.  Oh did I mention its also a GREAT sleep aid?Read More Read Less
213: started having prolong heart rythem, by ekg.
214: This has been the miracle drug for my doctors plan with my ecxema.
215: The side effect of breast tenderness and lumps is painful and apparently no cure accept to surgically gave them removed.
216: I have had an outbreak of skin lesions caused by sudden attack of pain which made me feel i was getting bitten by some insect. All doctors and Dermotologists are telling me that is not a bug bite but simply nerve misfire. At times I itch then I pick the scabs and never heal therefore spreading the lesions through my fingernails or so I'm told. They put me on doxepin to help the anxiety, lessen the picking, stabilize my mood, and help me sleep. I still have insomnia thinking I am being bitten, picking scabs but much less often and I see some healing but also get new ones too. Not sure this is the right med for me. I feel no one really knows whats causing this in me but this is start of third year.Read More Read Less
217: I am more emotionally stable but I have experienced muscle pain with this medication.
218: i was given doxapin  for sleep i now have a p;problem i get up to go to the bathroom and i fall and can't seem to get up this happens every nite
219: New to Doxepin but have found it totally ineffective.  I don't sleep and other popular sleeping pills have stopped working for me. Also, I have started to have hallucinations when I do fall asleep.  Not sure if there's a connection but never had that problem before.
220: too sleepy
221: I started at 25mg daily and slowly increased to 100mg daily in divided doses. Nerve pain is tolerable and I can sleep at night.
222: i have fibromyalgia and doctor prescribed this pill to help me sleep it did not help me sleep and i had bad head pains
223: Prescribed for severe food alergies. I have not taken the dosage reccomended and that is probably why I am having severe alergic reactions to most foods. Problem is when I do take it and the next I am like a zombie and it usualy takes 8-16 hours to work out of my system. I need to be coherent at work so I do not take it regularly only when I am very sick and am not going to work or drive. How long did it take for your body to stop feeling the drowsiness.I take the 25MG. By the way it works.  Thanks   Read More Read Less
224: Needed 12 hours of sleep. To sleepy to drive, even after 9 hours of sleep.
225: Im actually checking this medicine out for my husband... hes been through alot this past year and the doc says he should give it a try...just looking for some overall reviews and effectivness rates on the drug...
