1: I was given this medication for PTSD. I have severe panic attacks and bouts of deep depression. I feel that I have evened out somewhat, but the side effects in the begining were hard to cope with. I sweated, delt with stomache cramps and dry mouth. Things seem to be good now...
2: my son has severe adhd and this is what the dr gave him to take when i took him off of it because of its uneffectiveness he was taking 4 of them a night and he was 6 at the time
3: Honestly still have the same depressing moods...  Insomia maxing out, severe hallucinations at nite,(thats when I take it 150mg green pill),especially the 1st month,disturbing dreams,... willing to give it more time.
4: I was going through a series off tragic events that all hit at the same time. This  drug kept me from ending it all.
5: prescribed for sleep aid
6: This is crazy , I read the last description of this medication and I would really like to know what does depression disorders have to do with this, and is this medication going to help me or hurt me,as of right now I am more phsyco, I would definetly hurt somebody, I'm a freak and people don't listen to me, I really need help screaming don't work so maybe if I freaked out on somebody they will listen to my multibile personalities.......
7: This medication was prescribed for me for Chest Post-Sternotomy Nocioception Abnormality.  25 mg.  I was advised it might take two to three weeks before noticing a difference, but my pain I've had for 3 years is nearly gone.  I do feel funny though, kind of fuzzy headed.  I'm concerned about long-term use.
8: Worst side effect is fast heart rate apecially when excercising and Insomnia
9: I had too many trips to the bathroom at night and was not responding to normal meds for that. Urologist perscribed 75 mg at bedtime and it really works for me. Hard to urinate at first in the morning. I think I have more vivid, sometimes crazy dreams now. I'm going to stay on it, but talk to the doctor at my annual checkup this month.
10: My GP prescribed this for me to take at bedtime so that I would have a better night's sleep and wake up feeling refreshed (and also for mild depression). As far as my sleep goes, it doesn't really help me sleep any better (doesn't make it worse either), but I do wake up feeling well-rested. The best part about it? For me, it has decreased my appetite so much that I haven't eaten a meal in 4 days (I just started taking it a week ago). I have to force myself to eat a cracker or a piece of bread just so I have something in my stomach. I have lost 7 pounds in a week!! I know it's not the best way to lose weight, but why fight it? I need to lose 25 pounds anyway! I don't know if it actually helps with depression, but if I lose 25 pounds I probably won't be so depressed anymore.Read More Read Less
11: I was diagnosed with depression/panic & anxiety disorder several years ago. After trying all the new age products my doctor put me on Impramine and it was a life saver for me.
12: My doc.prescribed this for me after prostate surgery for cancer because I was leaking bad.I started out with 50 mg a day for 3 days & got up to 200mg a day before I quit leaking. Then I gradually came back to 50 mg a day and I did not leak. I always took it at night to ward off the side effects.
13: why is this drug used for bladder control  it appears to be an antidepressent
14: WAS PRESCRIBED THIS MED FOR IBS, CROHNS & CELIACS. LANDED IN THE ER, WITH HALLUCINATIONS, NIGHT TERRORS, PERFUSE SWEATING, COULDNT CONCENTRATE, ENDLESS LIST.  MAKE SURE YOUR DR EXPLAINS THOROUGHLY THE SIDE EFFECTS BEFORE TAKING. THIS DRUG MADE ME LOSE 12 WEEKS OF MY LIFE.
15: I was prescribed this medicine for Fibromyalgia and Chronic fatigue syndrome. It hasn't done much at all for my Fibro, but it has helped my CFS so much! I can sleep at night, but still wake up with my alarm and I'm alert all through the day! Honestly the fatigue was worse for my schooling than the pain from Fibro, because the fatigue prevented me from even going to class. But now even though I'm in pain, I'm not constantly exhausted and sleeping. It does cause me to yawn more than I used to, and I'm having constipation, but the benefits are worth it. Now I just have to find something to take with it for the Fibro. I recommend this medicine highly for those with CFS!Read More Read Less
16: I take 50mg at night to help for Migraines. They are down to 1 a month Vs 6-10, I was on Anatripaline before but switched to this because of lower side effects. They are alot better then on the last drug... Is there suck a thing as side effect free/ or not having side effects to drugs? I never was a pill taker. I get bad dry mouth and carry mints everywhere. and i am having balder issues as while and Have to take detrol because of that issue.
17: My GI doctor prescribed imipramine for my bowel problems. He said it is being used with patients that have IBS. It has helped to calm the muscles in my digestive system, lessening the sudeen urge to have a bowel movement. Although, I do expereince the side effects of dizziness quite frequently.
18: My 8 year old was prescribed this medication for bedwetting.  I think it has given him anxiety and is making him feel very overwhelmed and depressed.
19: I have CTCL and had my body feeling like it was always burning. I've only been on this medication for under a month and noticed considerable relief.
20: FNP put my daughter on this for bedwetting; worked great for that but she began losing weight and having terrible stomach aches, so bad that I finally took her to another doctor and they did a ct scan to see if she had a blockage. Medication had caused her to be extremely constipated thus the stomach pain. Doctor told me that this medication is good for short term (summer camp, sleep-overs, etc) but not long term. Once off the medication, she began bedwetting again but no more constipation. She eventually outgrew the bedwetting. The negative side effects were not worth the dry nights
21: It helped some good price cheap but yes it does help with depression
22: Took my first dose and felt a bit dizzy, felt totally disoriented, just didn't feel like myself. I was drawn out, and restless. And when it came to sleep, just forget about it! I did not even get a solid hour of sleep! Doctor told me this could most likely help with my sleeping, definitely made it worse! So disappointed. I'm so desperate to find a medicine that actually works for me ):
23: After my son took it for a week, no more wetting! However he has lost his appetite and starting to have abdominal pain, time to visit the doctor!
24: I've had terrible sweating with the least bit of exertion, and a fever.  I'm disappointed, because the drug was working.
25: This medication worked wonders for my bladder control but I have had problems with it. I have a sore throat, swelling of my face and tongue, trouble swallowing, and bad and frightening night mares. I have only been on it for two weeks but am stopping because of the side effects. Of all the medications I have taken for controlling the bladder problem this has been the best. I have had 6 surgery's so far and thought this was finally the answer. But can't handle the side effects.
26: I asked the doctor to take me off of this med.  I had ringing in my ears, acne, hair loss,wt. gain, dizziness,bad taste in my mouth,urine retention, and urinary tract infection, unable to focus on problems,memory loss.  It did not help the depression.
27: By far imipramine has the harshest side effect profile of all the tricyclic antidepressants (trimipramine runs a close second). It's a shame because imipramine works very well. I took it only at bedtime, as an adjunct to my 3x/day Xanax for panic attacks, but man -- throughout the following day dizziness, blurred vision, heart flutters & sticky mouth was, oh man, strong. Also had this other weird side effect, felt like my penis was being pinched & strangulated. Very harsh side effects. Yes, all the tricyclics have the same set of side effects, but it's usually not so noticeable at low, therapeutic doses. I much prefer nortryptiline (Pamelor) which works every bit as good for anxiety, preventing panic attacks and general depression, but the side effects aren't nearly as prominent as imipramine's. In fact I'd be surprised if imipramine is even prescribed anymore.Read More Read Less
28: I have been taking this medication for about 3 weeks now, and I have been satisfied with the results.  It has cured all my problems, but I have experienced some side effects.  The first night I threw up the color of the medication.  This only happened the first night, then it got much better.  There has been off and on constipation with this medication, but it is tolerable.  This medication is the second I have been on for my disorder, and I like it much better than the first.  I am not getting any emotional side effects, but they are more physical.Read More Read Less
29: DO NOT TAKE IT!I was perscibed this medicine due to restlessnes.It did not help a bit even after raising the dosage and I was depressed while on it as well!I was extremely exousted one night and did not take it.That night between 15 to 20 times i was waking up and hearing,seeing and feeling demonic like pressences or halloucinations!!!It was the worst experince of my life it has just happened last night and i was yet to go to sleep from it last night i have yet to speak with my doctor about but when i do i will post another comment!!Read More Read Less
30: Started taking imipramine for frequent panic attacks (1-2/week). It has worked very well. In the last three months, I've only had one panic attack, and with cognitive behavioral therapy techniques, I was able to drown that panic attack away. In the beginning, the side effects are kind of difficult to cope with such as dry mouth, lowered libido, and tremor. But after a few weeks, the drug is quite effective.
31: My son was prescribed this in Oct'16. He has been wetting the bed 90% of nights since birth. He took it for 16 months - he started at 25mg for about 6-8 months, then increased to 50mg when he had the occasional wet night. This had completely changed his life. Since starting imipramine, he has had maybe 5 or 6 wet nights. That's in the last year and a half. He is DDAVP resistant and this was the answer for him. I didn't find it changed his personality much. If anything, he seemed a bit more focused and calm but nothing substantial.Read More Read Less
32: I was prescribed this medicine after suffering from Irritable Bowel Syndrome for two years. I went to the doctor time and time again because of my sudden diarrhea every morning going to school. It got so bad that I would wake up about an hour before school just to use the bathroom so I wouldn't have to later, limiting my sleep. I started on 25mg but quickly grew an immunity to it, and am now at 150mg with only ever experiencing severe dry mouth and constipation (expected, better not going then always having too). If I forget to the take the medicine before bed though the next morning I go through what I assume are withdraws and feel absolutely horrible to the point I just want to stay in bed. The medicine has absolutely changed my life, I no longer suffer from IBS nor my mild insomnia.Read More Read Less
33: When I feel the headache on behind both ears then I know I have to take this medicine. It's help with the headache but I don't want to depend of this medicine all the time
34: I have been on this med for 35 years and take 50 MG at bedtime. My panic attacks (fear of smothering) were so severe that I moved from NY to Florids 39 years ago. The Dr who prescribed it only would give a 1 week prescription so I went to my primary doctor and after checking, gave me a 1 month refilable prescription. When I saw him in 6 months later he was estatic and said it worked for 5 more patients who had phobias It is a godsend to me and a friend of mine who has a phobia. Her Dr said there was a newer medicine that was a good but it didn't work so he finally prescribed Imipimine and it solved her problem.Read More Read Less
35: I've dealt with anxiety and agoraphobia for the past 20 years. This was prescribed to me at age 16, continued taking it along with lorazapam (as needed) thru age 23. Weaned off of the drug with help of Dr. My mother passed away at age 24, severe panic attacks/PTSD returned. Tried new meds on the market, all resulted in terrible side effects. Finally I asked for a script for Imipramine, beginning to feel "normal" again. It's an older drug, not too many docs are familiar with it. Little tp no side effects, take at bedtime for a full night of sleep. Cant imagine why I even tried something else.Read More Read Less
36: if your not sure about a med not working and feel indangerment of your child getting worse listen to what she is telling you and report it
37: have not started it yet for back pain
38: Used for esophagus problems and caused too many side effects--naseau, insomnia, dry mouth, taste change, gas, dizzzy, weak
39: helps me sleep but it seems to cause chest pains requiring the use of nitro.I have had a triple bypass
40: I had a bad depression after my 1st son was born. Went on Imipramine for 1 year, then went off when wanted to have 2nd baby. Developed Irritable Bowel Syndrome. Went back on Imipramine as it is constipating and doctor thought I should try this pill again as I was better on it. Now 21 years later I still take a very low dosage 20 mg for my IBS. Everytime I have tried to go right off, my IBS systems flare up (chronic diarrahea, naseau, cramping). Imipramine has been a life saver for me. Although I do worry about what the long term effects are, being on this drug for so long. Like what harm is it doing to internal organs, kidneys etc., if any? I guess if I didnt worry about stuff like that I wouldnt have IBS!! Have to take good care of my teeth because of the dry mouth side effect. I am definitely better on this pill then off!Read More Read Less
41: After being diagnosed with Panic Disorder in 2005 and going on to develop Agoraphobia years later I first went to my primary care and he prescribed me Effexor for 2 years which didn't really control the severity of my attacks.  I was then put on Paxil and had to discontinue from a bad side effect and then finally Lexapro which I took for 2 years.  It helped some but gave me nightmares and taking it before bed kept me up all night for those 2 years which was horrible!  I was then recommended to see a Psychiatrist last year for my condition which was getting worse and I was having between 30-40 panic attacks a day (yes that's not a typo unfortunately).  I was miserable, had to quit college, work and could barely function even at home!  Had attacks even if I stayed home and avoided my triggers (driving, going into stores or malls, large buildings, church and even in the shower), my life had come to a screeching halt and I had no desire to live anymore and felt I had no purpose in living!  Well, now I've been on Imipramine for 11 months and it has turned my life around and I credit this med for saving my life and the Dr who put me on it of course!!!  There are the side effects like dry mouth, nausea, stomach pain, headaches, sensitivity to sunlight, dizziness & lightheaded, sweating, etc. but after a few months of slowing upping my dose my body has become use to the drug and all I can see now is how I am almost a different person and have much fewer, less severe, easier to handle panic attacks when I do have them which depends on my stress level now.  I maybe have 1 a week or less and depend much less on taking my Xanex with the 3-4 .25 mg a day before! I have gone 2-3 weeks without the Xanex now and have recently hit my highest dose of Imipramine at 100mg and that seems to work best for me. For those of you who suffer from terrifying Panic Disorder and are not getting any relief, try this...I have reacted amazingly well to this and I hope you do too!  DON"T GIVE UP!!!!Read More Read Less
42: I take this medicine to reduce getting up to urinate at night.  I have tried several other medicines with rather indifferent results.  I take this medicine only when I have an episode of abnormally hight getting up at night.  It seems to be effective in reducing the episodic variation, but does not reduce getting up to less than about three times.  I do have a problem with constipation for which I take a stool softener.
43: Prescribed 2 weeks ago for incontinence after radical prostate surgery 10 months ago. Side effect include dry mouth,mild constipation,loss of sexual appetite and decreased desire to eat. It has been effective in reducing urine amounts. Original dose 25 mg daily increasing to 50 mg after two weeks.
44: I have Narcolepsy with Cataplexy and have been taking Imipram 25 mg for the Cataplexy for 2 months. I have not had a Cataplexy attack since I have taken this drug. There are side effects- dry mouth, sweats,needing to eat sweets but not collapsing with Cataplexy the side effects are bearable..
45: My son has used this and has had wonderful experience. He doesn't wet the bed anymore unless he has a very stressful experience. It's great
46: Imipramine was prescribed as last resort for me  when I suffered cystitis-like symptoms which often left me immobilised after urninating...I could not walk!  This medical condition was impacting upon my life in a way that left me unable to plan activities and any social occasions; often bed requirement was required following a visit to the loo! Not ideal for a teacher!   Initially ...and for just under 5 years, Imipramine has been a life saver, however the side-effects , the dreadful dry mouth, the sluggish mental ability and hoarse voice, has forced me now in to recently giving up the medication. Almost immediately I have returned to a clear-thinking individual; I have rediscovered my vocabulary; my voice sounds less hoarse as the vocal tract is not dried out and most importantly of all...so far...I have not had a cystitis flare-up. I was on 75mg per night and started at 25mg per week building up over three weeks before I gained physical benefit from the medication. I have maintained this level of medication occasionally increasing it, when high levels of stressful episodes were imminent.  Throughout this I have taken laxatives to maintain a bowel movement.   This medication should be valued, but used with intelligence. It has side-effects which at times I thought were worse than the condition...it is a medication which has very personal side effects and it needs a user to monitor well-being versus side  effects...whatever they may be. Don't dismiss it because of the side-effects but don't let the side effects take over your life either.       Read More Read Less
47: Prescribed for complex migraines. Dry mouth was initially a problem, but is now tolerated.   Acute episodes of heat intolerance and perspiration several times daily is a relatively intolerable side effect.
48: This is the only antidepressant that has ever worked for me. I have tried all of the SSRIs with negative result. I am currently on 75mg a day. I don't like the bad taste in my mouth or the sweating or constipation; however I am willing to deal with them. I take stool softener and drink lots of water, wear light clothing, and use breath mints/breath spray. I was very, very depressed. Imipramine has been a godsend for me.
49: all i can see that this medicine does is keep the patient drugged up so that caregivers don't have to"put up" with taking care of the patients all they do is sleep and stay confused not knowing where they are or even what day it is.
50: This was prescribed by a phyc. at 50 mg qd  to a 5 yr. old.  He still has nightmares, goes into rages and tells you what he will do if he does not get his way.  Every day is a challange. in a second, he will change and become the sweetest boy around, thoughtful, loving to his younger siblings.  He did come from an abusive home and we adopted all 3 boys and they are fine.  He sneaks around at night and of course gets the other 2 in trouble.  When he goes into his rages, I can't tell you how much he has broken.  He is also on Intunir ER 3 mg.  He shakes cannot sleep but will go to sleep in school.  I feel really bad for himRead More Read Less
51: I began experiencing panic attacks in my late twenties.  They progressively became more frequent and stronger.  In early 1990, I finally spoke with my PCP about them.  He prescribed imipramine, and the attacks were brought completely under control after two months.  As far as I am concerned, imipramine is a miricle drug for panic disorder.
52: My 5 year old daughter is taking this medication for about 2 months now. I don't think its working she is hitting herself pulling out her hair and more what can I do please help...
53: my consultant prescribed this drug at 10mg to be taken at night. i am very sensitive to drugs and the reaction from this has been cloudiness, dizzy spells, vision hazy, palputations and anxiety to name a few.  i suffer from chronic pain syndrome post operation on my foot.  The consultant stated must take this medication for at least two weeks to notice any result.  i had only had th medication for approx 5 days and the drowsydizziness just got provessively longer resulting in a serious fall from the top of the stair and multiple bruising  Read More Read Less
54: one of my clients is on this med, and for the past week has been acting completely differnet.  My boss said when he was first on it it didnt work so we needed to carefully monitor him.  ANy suggestions?
55: Imipramine has given me long term relief from depression, having taken it for 18 years. I started treatment with SSRI's then later my dr. added imipramine, then did SSRI's alone, but it only worked for only about 5 years, making depression worse at the end. Took imipramine along and had better results with tri-cyclic.
56: This drug has been a lifesaver for me.  I've been diagnosed with anxiety/depression and Imipramine has made all the difference in the world.  I no longer have sleep problems, my mood is 100% improved, I'm happy all the time and I take pleasure in life.  Thank God!
57: Tests show build-up of drug in system.
58: I was prescribed this drug to treat dry ejaculation.  I have beena  diabetic for 16 years and due to nerve damamge I was unable to get my wife pregnant.  This drug was immediately effective, however over time (about 4 months) the drug stopped having the desired effect and began giving me horrible stomahc pains and diarrhea.  I think I would rather adopt :-)
59: I have been taking this medication for 3 weeks and have had hallucinations every night.  Last night was the worse.  I saw about 20 or more people in the room, I had to wake up my husband & he kept telling me no one is there, but I kept seeing them. Will this side effect go away or should I stop taking it.
60: In my 74th year I have suffered for over 35 years with epigastric pain. I formerly had a resection of lower colon for diverticulosis in 1994. I suffered from debilitation abdominal pain almost ecvery day. By chance, a friend was taking this drug for depression and offered me a pill at bed time and said it will make "Me sleep better."  Why not? I thought it was a sleeping pill.  I went to bed and the next day my epgastric pain was gone, bowel sounds galore and things started to move in digestion. No longer have constipation or the opposite or abdominal pain.     Funny, I am not depressed at all, have a great life as a retired professional, have a boat, many homes, cars  and doing just fine. I had MRIs cat scans, barium swallows etc. etc. and they found nothing. I short, I have my life back. The only down side is that I wake up early (4AM)sometimes and feel a tad tired in the late afternoon.        This help  may be anecdotal as to me, but it cured a problem no doctor could cure and it was just by chance. I notice no side effects other then an earlier rise then usual which is 5:30 AM.I take 10 mg and sometimes cut them in half (5mg)  or skip a day or two. Amazing luck . As an aside, i got a warning   letter in the mail about this drug. As a old cynic watching the money cycle in drug companies, I think the drug companies sent this out to get you on  a more expensive anti-depressent. (that is its primary use I am told). This drug is cheap and I guess their monopoly on it has expired. Big Pharma's motto is "Make as much as you can as fast as you can."  You be the judge.Read More Read Less
61: I've found that after 30 days of use their is no effect on the use that they told me it would have!
62: It was given to me at 20 mg nightly to desensitize my gi track. I have been taking it 5 monthes now and side effects I am now noticeing are very increaced sweating, hungry most of the time and some trouble urinating. I have hadgood results though with my stomach issues.
63: I was taking 75mg a day to help with Bipolar Disorder/ADHD along with 54mg Concerta and 100mg of Seroquel. I stopped taking this medication several months ago with mixed feelings due to side effects I felt threatened my health. I do feel abit down and compulsive without it though. I delt with major constipation, excessive sweating, a strange metallic taste in my mouth, and a huge decrease in urine output. It was as if my body would no longer tell me I needed to go. It gave me a big sweet tooth
64: I was having bladder control problems and it was horrible. My OB Doc put me on this and I don't wake up 4-5 times a night to go to the bathroom nonetheless, have to go every 15 minutes throughout the day.  It was miserable.    This medication has helped me immensly with no major side effects.  Minor - I don't notice either.
65: Imipramine worked well in the beginning, especially with sleeping.  However, within a year, my dosage had been increased to the highest mg available.  It seemed to loose its potency after a few months.  I ended up switching to another.
66: Both times i took this drug i eventually had to go to the hospital for severe abdominal pain. I didn't know for sure it was the immipramine because i was not told ab pain was a side effect. the drug worked wonders for my depression, ADHD and sleep. I experienced the usual side effects of dry mouth, bad constipation, sensetivety to the sun and heat (i burned way easier) as well as the not so common side effect of severe abdominal pain.
67: This was prescribed for trigeminal neuralgia, but now have severe hyponatremia, low blood pressure, extreme heat, sweating, nausea, very weak and now anxiety attacks and vertigo. Originally was on 150mg, now down to 50mg and no relief in sight. I keep passing out due to low blood pressure. Anyone else have these wonderful side effects?
68: PTSD symptoms have markedly decreased.
69: I had suffered with anxiety and depression for many years on and off.  Then during a very difficult time I no longer could manage.  I started taking this med.  It took about 3 months before I received the full benefit.  I was on this drug from 1994 until 2003 (I was afraid to go off of it).  I have never gone back to depression and crippling anxiety like I had before taking imipramine.  It is now 6 years since my last dose... I feel as though I was thrown a life line... life is good!
70: sometimes it makes me feel good  but other times it make me feel scared  parenoid  IT WAS PRESCRIBED TO ME FOR BIPOLAR
71: Is 25mg too high a dose to stop this medication? Should it be tapered down lower before stopping?
72: Haven't been taking it long enough to have a set opinion,
73: 2 yrs. after birthing my daughter, I began this rare form of chronic severe hives. Allergy tests showed no cause (possibly stress/trauma related) though I suffered panic attacks/anxiety yrs. before. After a rough pregnancy, with diabetes, high blood pressure, toximia, I think that started a cycle of inflammatory issues. After trying several antihistimines for the hives, I eventually tried Imipramine HCL; it made me somewhat drowsy and constipated, dry mouth, but really helped with any anxiety, especially at suppressing the hives--I couldnt work without it. within the first year of taking it, I had a minorly physical job 2 days a week, at age 33, was having sudden hot flashes, sweating, heart pounding, lasting up to 20 min. I would have to sit down at my job until it went away. Quite scary, but every time I asked a dr. if I could try something else, they would say "As rare and extreme as this hives is, if you found something that WORKS, stick with it!" I felt I had no choice. It affected my memory, I felt light-headed, groggy much of the time, and still struggled to work reliably. After 15 yrs., reaching age 50, more recent jobs that were more physical caused profuse sweating, and I thought it was true hot flashes. After I lost 2 jobs, I decided to cut way back on it, to see if I still had hives, which I would try to do once a yr. or so, and it was gone!! When I got off the Imipramine, the sweating and hot flashes were nearly COMPLETELY GONE, I had to get USED TO being CHILLED at times--I could actually wear sweaters again, my memory and mind was clearing, I felt like someone lifted a huge wet wool blanket off of me!! Now Im struggling with digestive problems, severe IBS; apparently my system got SO used to being stopped up and sluggish, even after my gall bladder removed, once off of it, my intestines got really sensitive, without the real drying effects slowing it down, and 3 months off the drug, still trying to change my diet and habits, taking fiber pills helps.Read More Read Less
74: Heartburn when I take drug and pain in my heart; mild problems breathing--short of breath.  Heart area hurts.
75: Been on this med for over 20 years - only take 10 mg every other day - I have alot more energy when off the drug - which I am trying to do now. This drug worked the best for me - I've tried at least 12 different ones over the years !
76: FOUND NO SEXUAL SIDE EFFECTS, WHICH IS GREAT >
77: My husband took this medication at the age of 10-12. He started having auditory and visual halusinations. Tremors of the hands and legs. And many other problems. He was taken off the medication. He is 29 now. But after this medication, he never lost the "voices and visuals" nor the tremors. Because of the voices and visuals. He is now "schizophrenic". His doctor said these will never go away. Please dont put your children on this medication!
78: Believe it or not I was given this medication in conjunction with injections for back pain. It did not help for that, of course, but it did help with bladder control.(prostate surgery)  It made me sleepy so I just started taking it at bed time and gives me a good nights sleep
79: I was on every kind of anti-depressant there is for panic disorder and absolutely none of them worked, until I started taking this.  I've been on it for 9 years now (started it when I was 14) and it's been terrific!  Never any problems! I have very few, mild flare ups and the medication goes to work very quickly.
80: my daughter is 7 yrs. old and is taking this medicine, she has recently said she is having visions of killing her step-father. she says that the medicine is not working at all for why they put her on it. could anyone tell me what she could try for anger aggression disorder
81: after doctor reccomended doubling dosage to 25mg twice a day it helped my bladder control but I'am feverish, joint pain, leg muscles hurting ,a little paranoid , high white blood count in urine and generally worried.  My Gp told me to reduce dosage then stop.  Also waiting results of blood test.  Anybody have similar effects while takihg this drug for bladder control?
82: Dr. gave it to help with other med. to help with pain
83: No dreams post medications at night so you kinda wake up blanked out - helps control asthma while sleeping.
84: I was prescribed 10 mg for 1 week, then increased to 20 mg for 2nd week and onward if it was working for irritable bowel syndrome. I am a Gulf War vet, and suffer from this disability. I was waking up every night with severe belly aches and diarrhea. This, along with Lomotil, have gotten it under control.
85: I have taken this drug for a number of years and I am quite satisfied with it.  My doctor prescribed other meds to replace this but I noticed nothing else was as effective and this med.
86: I have been on this for 2 years after about 2 weeks I felt like what I would call a "normal person". For many years I thought that everyone felt like they had been hit by a buss everyday. I have now found out that this just isn't true. This drug was a life saver for me.
87: I was given this drug for problems swalling food.  I still have the swalling problem, but now I have trouble acheving/mainting an erections.  I have not ejoculated since I started taking the pill.  I usually ejoculate at least once a day, but no more.  the idea is still there, it just doesn't work.
88: Prescribed to reduce urgency of urination due to enlarge prostate. Was suppose to take three 10mg tablets a day. Wrongly took one 10mg tablet a day for over a month. No help what-so-ever with my problem. I did however, experience an a pronounced decrease in the ability to sleep at night. When dosing error was discovered, I had stopped taking this drug for about a week. Resumed at recommended dosage, (10mg tablet three times a day). Immediately felt dizziness and anxiety taking this drug and just as quickly stopped taking it again.Read More Read Less
89: causes constipation
90: This was prescribed to my daughter who immediately started sweating prufusely everyday, was constipated for days on end, had severe mood changes and couldn't sleep at night. She also started having a fever every night after taking the drug. The doctor thought that all of this was ok. This was all on a very low dosage. I decided it was safer to let her wet the bed than go through this.
