1: have taken it for 2 nights...such vivid dream that i woke up crying after only 3 hrs and had to get up & go through apartment to make sure it wasn't real on first night, very severe headache & anger at everything in the morning...2nd night, again vivid dreams & headache again...going back to ambien!!!
2: Tried 30 mg for 4 nights, but no help whatsoever. Still only sleeping when exhausted, every 2-3 days. Absolutely no benefit. Will try for 3 more nights, then giving up.
3: This medication has done nothing to improve my quality of sleep.  I only find myself briefly in and out of REM sleep.
4: For the past 2-3 months I have been having a consistent problem staying asleep.  Our bedroom is a sleepers haven - pitch dark, cool, no outside sounds, white noise from in-room air filter... perfect.  Our beds and pillows are great.  I always fall asleep within 10 minutes of going to bed - even during this recent bought of insomnia.

My problem is that I wake up every night between 12:00 & 3:00AM and can not fall back to sleep. No apnea, no other issues.  I go downstairs and crash on the La-Z-Boy so as not to wake my wife.

I tried this med for the first time last night and it was the first time I slept through the night and woke refreshed, no lingering drowsiness the next morning.

While I am not saying my issue is resolved (way too soon for that) I will say this medication worked great the first time I used it.Read More Read Less
5: I took 30 mg and NOTHING happened, not even the slightest of drowsiness. I know I have a high tolerance to drugs but nothing. I wouldn't recommend this drug to anyone unless mild drugs work for you. Time to find something else.
6: I have been taking about 2.5 mg a night for twenty years. It has never failed to put me to sleep although very severe pain makes me wake and move several times each night. I know if I don't take it I will only sleep in snatches, waking every 1/2 hour all night. It does make me sluggish for several hours after waking but it is better than to never sleep. I'm sure I am addicted and would have terrible withdrawal if I stopped taking it but oh well.
7: IT IS THE ONLY MEDICATION THAT WORKS FOR SLEEPING PROBLEMS DUE TO MENOPAUSE. I HAD TRIED SOME OF THE NEWER MEDS WITH NO SUCCESS, THIS SEEMS TO WORK THE BEST WITH NO GROGGY FELLING IN THE MORNING
8: I am taking the 30mg. I have been taking it for 3 years now, due to chronic insomnia. I take it about an hour before bedtime, and it works great for me. I wake up refreshed and ready to go. It doesn't make me groggy throughout the day. I have been taking the same dosage from day one. I do recommend if you are using this medication to make sure you are going to be getting at least 8 hours of rest. Also, I have no side effects at all. Works great.
9: I was taking Flourazepam for several months or longer.I found it to be much more effective than temazepam although it has a hang-over effect that I have noted and have heard the same with others the same.Not so with temazepam after two months usage.When my insomnia is worse I would prefer the Flourazepam but for now Temazepam seems to also do the job.
10: How will this medication do in passing a drug test for a job does anyone know, will it show where you won't get the job because of this drug. someone please tell me.
11: if i've had trouble sleeping my whole life then how can i take it without coming addicted...i would like to take one every nite but i don't, so i lie awake most of the nite...
12: i have severe anxiety, i have found it calms me down, besides sleep it helps some
13: I just started using this medicine for chronic insomnia.  I still got up a couple of times during the night but was coherent. I have not had any side affects.
14: I take alot of meds. in the same family as temazepam. this lets me sleep for about 1.5 hrs. then up every hour after that. really need to take 60mgs. tried ambien and that was like candy, nothing!
15: I have been taking temazepam for over a year now and it has really helped with my insomnia. Having tried every sleeping medication under the sun this medication has been a real blessing for me. When I wake up I dont feel drowsy.
16: I started this medicine 4 weeks ago, beginning with 15 mg.  That did not work, however Dr. increased the dosage to 30 mg., and I'm sleeping through the night, usually only waking once to get a drink, then go right back to sleep. Have noticed none of the side effects.
17: Does cause nightmares when it works correctlly. No other side effects with dosage taken.
18: I was prescibed this medicine yesturday 15 mg. I too don't like this medicine. Xanax works better for my sleep
19: It helps me fall asleep within 30 minutes but i think depression symptoms have increased since i started taking it.
20: For the longest time I did not know what a good night sleep felt like. Once I started on Temazepam I sleep a good solid night sleep. Get up next morring without that drugdown and out feeling. It feels good to sleep like a child.
21: I have been taking this drug, as needed, for several years. When I do take it, I divide the powder inside the 15mg capsule in half so that I am only taking half a dose. I do this because I find that with the full 15mg capsule I remain drowsy for several hours after getting 7-8 hours of sleep.  I find myself using it only one or two times a week. I have also found that I dream much, much more when I take this, along with feeling fully rested on waking. I am very satisfied with my experience with this medication.Read More Read Less
22: I have been taking this medication for over a year really works well for me with no side effects waking in the morning.  I even found I do not need to take it every night which is even better.  It helps me to get a good night sleep if I have pain from arthritis.  Recommend it
23: I have been on this drug for 4 months. I have not had one night of good sleep. This drug is a rip-off !!
24: It worked for me until my body developed a tolerance to it. I still take the same amount, but with less sleep and it's only getting worse. I was aware of tolerance so this is not my biggest complaint. I started having eye problems! My right eye has this itchy feeling, which is a little painful. It's more annoying than anything. The hangover from this medicine is also terrible. I will definitely stop taking it.
25: does not work all the time
26: Since I am on a few other meds for both bipolar type II and ADHD, I have severe chronic insomnia.    However, even without any medication for many years, I just could never sleep, ever.    I have gone many, many times without sleeping over several days.  My dubious record stands at 72 hours.    My doctors have prescribed this to me for over five years.  I did have good sleep on Zyprexa and Seroquel, but after being off of those for a few times the chronic insomnia comes back.    I have also been on Ambien, but that drug is no good for me because I get up and start cooking and doing stupid stuff and having no recollection of it.    Regardless, I have had to go up on the dose from 15 mg to 30 mg.  This drug does help me sleep and counteracts the stimulant medication I take.  It helps with daytime anxiety.Read More Read Less
27: I'm 76 years old and have been taking Tam.. for about 4 years once or twice a week.  It works like a charm.  I'd almost never slept as well before.  It's energizing, but sometimes I feel kind of dopey the day after.  I look at it as a treat like chocolate.  It's so nice to look forward to a really good uninterrupted rest.  And the funny thing about it is if I do have to get up in the middle of the night to relieve myself, no problem, I just go right back to sleep.  In between taking the Tam...I take Melatonin which helps relax me.Read More Read Less
28: Getting at least 6 hrs sleep per night with no side effects for approx. 40 days thus far; a big plus as was getting 2 hrs or less at a time when on Xanax.  I do not take the two together. Will discuss with doctor the "addictive" issues associated with the med at my next appt.  Lack of sleep problem has been occurring since being diagnosed with cancer a year ago.  Definitely a blessing to get a full night's sleep, and 6  hours per night is great.
29: sleep threw the night finnaly
30: I use temazepam occasionally for insomnia.  It works quickly and keeps me asleep for 6 hours--good deep sleep and I wake up with no hangover.
31: Dr prescribed 15mg it did nothing I have worked my way up to 45mg and it still does nothing I am wide awake.  Calling tomorrow.  I need to sleep and I am not taking Ambien.  I wish they would just make weed legal.
32: The first night was okay but after that it worked just the opposite. I had headaches, nausea, weakness and just did not feel good at all.
33: I suffer from insomnia and have tried every OCT sleep aid. I have been on valium, ativan, rozeram, lunesta, and ambien. I also suffer from chronic migraines so I have been on at least 20 different meds in the last two years. The problem is that my body has a high tolerance for ALL meds. They will work once and then I have to increase the dose. I take 30 mg of temazepam already but it does not work at all. I need to know if it is safe to take 45 mg.
34: IT WAS GREAT. I HAVE HAD TROUBLE SLEEPING EVER SINCE MY DIVORCE. IT WAS SO NICE TO BE ABLE TO SLEEP THROUGH THE NIGHT W/O THINKING.
35: Was prescribed 30mg to take at night.. i worry and have increased anxiety over worrying if i will sleep well or not after 8pm or so.. the first day the 30mg gave me a "hypnotic" buzz kinda like Ambien does and then off i went to sleep.. second day was ok, third day it was no good and took 60mg and barely got me 4 hours of sleep! I was concerned about doubling my dose so doctor put me back on Remeron and then added Atarax hopefully the combo worked.. i took for three perfect years ativan 2mg with Remeron 15mg and slept perfect but then it stopped but three years of perfect sleep i will miss.Read More Read Less
36: I get a full night unirrupted sleep each night
37: I have real issues of not being able to fall asleep. Can lay there 2 hours and not drop off. Because of a fear of becoming addicted to it...I can take the 15 mg capsule and dump less than half out in a spoon to take and it helps me fall asleep. Sometimes I will wake back up and  can do the same thing and go back to sleep. One pill can last me at least 4 nights.
38: have difficulty swallowing capsule - gets lodged in my throat
39: I need it to turn off my head at night. I have a headache now if i forget to take it.
40: Male-190 lbs--30 mg cap is sufficient for 6hours sleep. after 40 days no side effects-(other than anxiety about withdrawal)--  on rebound from Ambien--and sleep-driving-sleep-conversation, sleep-eating--Ambien should be withdrawn from the market---
41: This medicine was prescribed to me for insomnia an did nothing for me. I even upped the dose to 30mg. I am bipolar manic.  Might as well been eating skittles
42: became tolerant very quickly...i am a small person only about 101 lbs and i have gotten to the point that i take 60+mg (recommended dosage 7.5-30mg) and STILL can't fall asleep! Crazy! be very careful w/benzo tolerance and withdrawal, as it can be extremely dangerous... so in short, this drug works well initially and then after a couple wks your body becomes dependent on it and it doesn't work anymore.
43: My doctor prescribed this medicine for my chronic insomnia. I have taken it 3 times over the past 2 months and I must say it works great. I only take 1 capsule at a time. I fall right asleep and stay asleep for 7-8 hours. It’s wonderful to wake up refreshed and ready for the day.
44: I take this for insomnia.  Overall it has been helpful, but I have had a few odd exchanges.  First, my Pdoc prescribed me 15mg of Restoril, 30 if that wasn't doing it.  I got up to 30, so she just decided to prescribe me 1 capsule that was 30mg so I wouldn't have to take two.  The first night I was so used to taking 2, I took 2 of the 30mg (60mg), I ended up having a phone conversation with someone I haven't spoken with in a while (not because of any negative circumstances).  I didn't realize until the next day she texted me and I looked at my phone log.....I had a 37 minute conversation of which I have no recollection.  Also, if I take the temazepam during "non-insomnia" periods, I have looping dreams.  Dreams that seem to repeat over and OVER with slight differentiations....OMG, I can do without!  But for severe insomnia cases A+Read More Read Less
45: ive been taking this for almost a month i do see a diference but still wake up alot
46: As noted on the label I take 15mg as I am getting into bed and I am asleep usually in 20 minutes. Dr. says it is addictive. Why is that a problem if I olny take one a night?
47: I have terrible insomnia since menipause. Doctor prescribed this to help me get to sleep and stay asleep. 15mg didn't work at all/ 30mg works great. I sleep good and hardly ever get up during the night. But I am scared of becoming addicted. I wish there was something that worked this good without the addiction problem.
48: Seems to not be effective
49: get very sleepy but still wake every 2-3 hours. no trouble going back to sleep tho.
50: makes me fall asleep without feeling sleepy in the morning
51: I have had cramps, leg cramps, zombie-like feelings and confusion in the am.  It's ok for occasional use but I'm not taking it ever again for more than one nite a month.  I don't like it and didn't understand what was up until I read some of the other people's experiences.  A Xanax will do me just fine without feeling "out of it" and crampy.
52: I’ve taken this medication almost nightly for the last 20 years.  I’ve stopped a couple of times on my own to ensure I’m not completely dependent.  I just know I sleep better when I take this. I’m currently trying to stop taking this while I adjust my current  hormone replacement therapy medication. I have memory loss but it’s think the cautions listed here are specific to when you’re medicated rather than during the day.
53: It puts me to sleep, keeps me a sleep, 30mgs wokes fine at this point. It works better then ambien CR. I know the addiction may accure, But, lack of sleep is causing my heart to pound fast, Since I have a bad heart and FM it relly helps me get the rest I need.
54: Trouble sleeping need to have 8 hours lay down time so drug wears off I take Lorazepam as well for anxiety from a CPAC Mask I do not take a t the same time time works well no side effects
55: I have no problem falling asleep but have difficulty staying asleep for more than three hours.  When I don't get sleep I get clumsy, disoriented, and emotional.  This medicine helps me get the 7 to 8 hours I need to be able to make it through the day.  If something wakes me up in the middle of the night, such as the dog barking, I can go back to sleep most of the time.  Sometimes I am groggy when I wake up but it goes away after a few hours of being awake.  If you don't have time to sleep 7 to 8 hours DO NOT take this medicine.  It happened to me one time and it was not fun.Read More Read Less
56: I take this three nights/wk in order to avoid dependence.  I sleep great with this pill.  The other nights I wake up frequently.
57: I only get about 4 hours sleep and it is very restless. Wake up about 3 times a night.
58: mi wif has gastrnmic prbelma ans ha sashe dont sleepp ti godd2 she take this befor bedtime ans shes slepping in 1  her gas wke her up ans she has to relive hersakf ans dis happins 5time anight bit its beeter then what hse was before ans she gona haves a sirgury next month ans they says its gona halp wit the gas and diarea thats bse     she gets alnight so the pills helps her gats some rest
59: I have been using this drug for over 5 years and am now addicted to it. My original dose of 30 mg has been reduced by my doctor to 15 mg which I usually take twice a night, always once, unless I do have serious difficulty falling asleep. I have often had allergic reactions of itching on occasion as well as euphoric symptoms upon awaking if I take a second dose  mid-night to return to sleep. Vivid dreams are a pattern for me with this drug. I have not found any other sleep inducing drug to help me replace temazepam but would welcome one.Read More Read Less
60: I took 60 mg and had troubling dreams and woke up with blood pressure 179/106.  This is the only new medication I have taken.  What are the side effects?
61: I have been satisfied.  I recently started a BiPAP Machine for Sleep Apnea. Temazepam overcomes anxiety for me and helps me get a nights sleep.
62: stopped waking up every hour or two during the night.  only waking up once and am able to go right back to sleep.  not as drowsy during the day as I was
63: mainly for better sleep
64: I started taking 15mg of this medication about a month ago.I had been suffering from chronic insomnia forever.Most nights I didn't sleep at all.The 1st time I took this med,it had no effect whatsoever.After a few nights,I was finally able to fall asleep,but only for 4 or less hours.After a month of taking it practically every night I still get the same results,only now I have very vivid dreams,most times they're nightmares.I have 1 more 30 day supply and will continue to take this medication hoping to see improvements,if not I will ask my Dr. to prescribe something stronger.Also, even if I double the dose, I still get the same results.Read More Read Less
65: I only take this every three days if I haven;t slepted because of pain. And it helps but I don;t want to take it everyday.
66: It did not help put me to sleep at all, nor did it help me stay asleep.
67: I take 30mg on an emepty stomach ,eat about 20 min. later and out like a light. without this med i can stay up for days.
68: I take Temazepam for Migraines and for severe sleep apnea.  It works very well with no apparent side effects except slow to wake in morning.
69: Just started taking this medicine. Took the 15mg last night around 10:00 and slept for 4 hours up for two then back to sleep until alarm went off at 6:00 a.m. I may take 2 tonight to see if it'll help if not I'm going back to my glass of wine.
70: Medication helps me sleep due to severe pain problems after having seventeen left knee surgery to include two knee replacements
71: I've had good outcome with this 30mg i've been  taking it off and on for years.  It works best not every night. If i take it for too long the effect drops, causes some irritability and chest congestion.  As for sporadic use i like it. Take it right before bed to help prevent sleep walking
72: I fall asleep fine, but wake up every 2-3 hours and can't get more than about 5hrs per night.  This drug Didn't seem to help at all.  In fact it may have made me even more restless. Tried it 4 different nights with no luck.
73: First night  I took it I was able to sleep until 3:30 am. Second night It didn't really work.  I take it due to insomnia caused from taking Cymbalta  for fibermialgia. The cymbalta works great and has releived much of my pain but I just can't sleep on my own.
74: I have been taking this medication for over 15 years.  I have tried to sleep without it, but the insomnia is right there.
75: I have been on it about 6 months now and I still get up 3 or 4 time in the night to pee or smoke or just stay up and get on the computer, I get about 4 hours sleep a night all together and the a cat nap during the day cause I'm so give out, I need something else!
76: Took it as needed for about 1 month! It worked great! It’s been about 2 years since then and I’ve been addicted ever since.
77: This medication doesn't help me to fall asleep at all.
78: Leaves me with after effects the following day
79: I have been on this drug for approximately 1 year at 30 mg per night. Some nights I get a great night sleep, but once in a while I don't have a good night. I would also like to get off taking these but I don't want to get insomnia.
80: This seems to be just what I need at this time However I am concerned about the addiction factor I have never been addicted to anything so I am now going to watch my consumption and try alternative natural sleep aids.
81: i have taken for many years...seems to be really no side affect..i get a good night rest and thats what is important to me and my body...no residual ...very clean ...do not wake up dwousey...
82: Heartburn
83: This is the best sleeping pill ever made. Others only help a little.  Very rarely I  have trouble sleeping now. Before I  only got 2 hours of sleep if I  was lucky.
84: At first I was taking 15mg, that made me very groggy during the day.  Reduced and I was a lot more alert.  I sleep soundly.
85: I get a full night sleep 7-8 hrs with taking Temazepam and feel great the next day. I've been taking for about 20 yrs. I've had a problem with sleeping  for most of my adult life. Been off the pill for 8 days and only got 2-3 hrs sleep. Could not function. So this works for me.
86: I took this for the first time last night. It cause me to be sleepy and I feel asleep pretty quick but woke up after 4 hrs and was wide wake. Today I have a bad headache which is not common for me. I will try it a few more times..
87: this medication does work for me but in a higher dose
88: So far I can get 7-8 hours of sleep when I take it with my Klonopin.
89: Puts me into deep sleep immediately with few negative effects on following day.  Downside is that it doesn't keep me asleep or prevent night terror.
90: I have never had such a peaceful sleep and then wake up so alert.  I do have (occassionally) VERY wierd dreams. Overall, it is a lifesaver.
91: does not work
92: Temazapam does NOT work for me anymore
93: Have taken this for yrs now and I can skip doses and I can still sleep once in awhile when taking it I will have trouble fallen to sleep but have had good results with this medicine
94: Best sleep ever without a "hangover" the next day.
95: I was having poor REM sleep.  Got up a few times during the night.  This medication is supposed to help with that.  I do sleep a little longer and somewhat fewer wake ups.  I am taking the maximum dose.  I feel that it works to some degree but not as much as I would like.
96: This medication worked for a week or two for me and now does not help at all.
97: This medication was prescribed to me by my doctor recently for problems sleeping.  Before taking this drug I took rozeram, which left me groggy in morning. This medicine however gave me a somewhat serious allergic reaction, I had problems breathing after taking it.  I promptly stopped taking it after that as I am so leery about taking sleeping pills or medication of any kind.
98: Wasn't available intravenously when hospitalized (Aug 2011) ... bummer.  If there's anywhere on eaRth where sleeping pills come in handy ... definitely would appreciate someone opening that project. Thank you in advance. :)
99: Absolute rubbish quality of a benzo,,, feel such like shit the next day,, absolute garbage of a tablet,, going back to Valium as soon as I can see my gp.
100: Started with some sleep aids the doc then prescribed Ambien after that not working he gave me lorezapan in addition the ambien. I ended up taken both with 2 tylenol pm just to get 4-5 hours sleep.  Went to a new doc with my old prescriptions he said to stop ambien and lorazepan and started me on temezaapan 4 days ago, I am feel horrible no sleep should I increase to 2 15mgs.  I really need some sleep
101: Has had no effect on me at all.
102: tried a few different meds to help me sleep...none as effective as this...with others i would still be tossing and turning in bed 4 hours later...and groggy in the morning
103: basically worthless. have been on all the "pams"- diaze, loraze, and now temaze pam. It is the least effective for the intended purpose. I am now going to search for the maximum dosage as my VA doctor is not doing too good a job. Maybe I need to enroll in the sleep disorder center to get assistance. have tried AMBIEN- KINDA LIKE GETTING HIT WITH A HAMMER.. save for the path worn to the fridge and accompanying weight gain. TRAZODONE- WORKS FAIRLY WELL.. save for the nasal congestion which is a BIG NO with chronic, bilateral, maxillary sinusitis. So apparently SLEEP DEPRIVATION, SECONDARY TO CHRONIC, SEVERE SPINE PAIN wins. I guess it is true that "will get all the sleep needed when dead.Read More Read Less
104: Dident work at all!!!!!
105: I have been on this since Open Heart surgery.  I take 30 Mg's.  It takes 1.5 hours until I am ready for bed.  Without it, I'd sleep for 1.5 hours the be awake for 4-5 hours then 'nap' again.  Without this, I'd have lost my mind years ago.  Great care must be taken if you're also taking pain pills!!!
106: One 30 mg capsule does the trick.  Better reaction if taken on an empty stomach.  Usually get between 6-9 hours of uninterrupted sleep with no nightmares or hangover effect.  Wake up feeling fully rested.
107: Temazepam helps me sleep by relaxing me and relieving the intensity of my bruxism. The drawback is that I am always tired and I have periods of depression I never had before. I decided those consquences are better than chronic insomnia.
108: I have fibromyalgia.  It helps me get to sleep and stay asleep.  I do no take it every night. I have not noticed any problems with this medication.
109: Have not had sleep taking this drug
110: BAD DRUG, caused head movement disorder, stiff neck, diarrhea, anger, muscle spasm & tension, nausea, inability to sleep, chest pain & palpitation, reality loss, plus many other minor bad effects. Given in hospital when I had heart problems.
111: This is the only drug I can use. All the other sleep medicines seem to give me a hangover when taking them.
112: Cannot be used on a regular basis without feeling "zombie like".
113: This medication is like taking candy.  It does not work for me.  I will be asking my doc for something else.
114: Not being able to sleep throughout the night. I will get a good cat-nap and then be wide awake. Worked great in the begining, but not now.
115: I only take this medication when needed.  After a few restless nights I take the drug and sleep right through.  I wish I could take it forever.
116: I started having trouble sleeping after my fiance was deployed to Iraq. When I did sleep it was low quality, waking every hour or so, with a lot of tossing and turning. I went as long as 49 hours (in a row) without sleep, then would sleep for maybe 3 hrs, then do it all again. (Tossing, turning, not sleeping for what seemed like days) My MD prescribed Temazepam 15mg and told me to try 1 (15mg) the first night and if that didn't seem to help to take 2 (30mg) the second night. So I tried the 15mg, nothing really happened so the second night I tried the 30mg and the sleep was AMAZING!!! After 3 nights of the 30mg I was back to a semi normal sleep cycle and didn't need to take the med. I must also add, I am a "Shift worker" so I often have different schedules and times to report to work and this has helped greatly with my sleep. I wouldn't take this if I had any less than 8 hrs to sleep, and no sooner than 30 min prior to bed, as it seems to be pretty fast acting on me.(F/23/5'7"/165 lbs) When I start to drift into sleep it's peaceful and relaxing, not just a "BAM and you're out" type of thing, I truely relax with this medication.  I have taken Temazepam on several occasions over the last 12 months, all with the same effect, and have never taken it for more than 3 nights in a row (didn't need to) and have always awoke refreshed and ready to start the day. Overall, I think this is a great medication that has helped me with my sleeping issues.   Read More Read Less
117: been useing this for ten years started out on the low dose but there the years have had it incress it now on the max dose but works great .
118: Does NOT make me feel tired when I take it 30 mns prior to bed (15mg) and I'm also on 12.5 mg Ambien CR alomng with Perocet nf 65 mg of Morphine at night. With all these drugs I still sleep like crap and wake up approx 5 times each night.
119: I took this medicne for the first time last night and it did put right to sleep with in 30 minutes. I was told that I was sleep walking along with other things. I slept for at least 10 hrs. I then went on a small road trip and blcked out while driving and was in a auto accident due to that.
120: When it actually worked it gave me horrible nightmares. I am now on a low dose of alprolazame and I am finally getting the sleep that I need.I am going to stop the temazapam and see if the nightmares will go away. It is probably a good medicine for some but not for me.
121: THIS DOES NOT WORK FOR ME.  iT TAKES ABOUT 4 HOURS TO EVEN HAVE A SLIGHT EFFECT.  IT'S TO WEAK AND i TOSS TURN ALL NIGHT. EVEN MORE EXHUSTED THAT EVER.  nOT RIGHT PILL FOR MY BODY CHEMISTRY.
122: IVE BEEN TAKING THIS FOR ABOUT 5 YEARS, B4 THIS I WAS ON TRAZADONE, WHERE I WOULD SLLEPP WALK AND HANVE MEMORY LOSS IN THE MORNING. AS FAR TEMAZapam its like a gift from the sleep gods. i cant sleep without help my body just dosent shut down ill stay up for daYS and go crazy begging to just sleep. lack of GOOD sleep can seriously push someone over te edge, from sanity to insanity. i would suggest this med to others. if a small dose dosent work well consider an increase i take up to 60mg a night
123: I have a chonic anxiety disorder that usually is way worse at night. I do still wake up at night a few times but it gets rid of my panic attacks at night and lets me fall right back asleep without the feeling impending doom is upon me. I have not found it to be addicting i only take it when i feel the need.  I one of those people who really dont want to take any anti depressants, so this is the next best thing.
124: IT CAUSES NIGHTMARES AND UNSETTLING DREAMS
125: I have been taking one pill at nite since 2006. I am very thankful for the temazepam pill, without I don't hardly sleep, however with I get at least 5 good hours of sleep. I wake with no side affects.
126: This is very helpful for sleep if you have trouble turning your brain off at night. I never feel groggy in the AM. The only thing is that it loses effectiveness over time.
127: 30mg did nothing Wide awake all night
128: This is the only sleeper that works for me. Why is it so hard for my Dr to understand???? He keeps giving me anti-depressants/...
129: I have had trouble staying asleep. I awake about every 1 to 2 hrs. After taking 15mg the first two nights I awoke after 4 hrs so I took two the 3rd night and still awoke after 4 hrs. But that was the best 4 hrs of sleep I have ever had.
130: I am not sold on this drug. I have been taking for about 2 months and I take 60mg It did help me but the last couple of week I have been up not being able to sleep. I take it with risperidone which i don't know if that would matter of not.
131: I have develeloped insomnia over the past 2 years. I have chronic back pain unrelieved by oxycodone. I can only stay in bed for 2-3 hours at a time. I just stated this drug but have used it in the past and it worked
132: I have chronic insomnia,due to my lifestyle when i was quite a bit younger.When i don't get any sleep i am really mean,I have been using Temazepam for several years now and it does work and work very well I have no side affects at all.
133: I have had insomnia issues my whole life. Other meds were ineffective. I am going on 3 years using this daily. Closely monitored by my doctor. It has been a godsend. I pray it continues to be so effective. 7-8 uninterrupted sleep every night.
134: I have had trouble getting to sleep for about 20 years, Started on 30 mg, it takes awhile to kick in, but when it does I'm out. I do feel like I have have some memory loss, when my children talk to me in the morning I don't always remember from the night before.
135: it helps me sleep well. I am just wondering if it is a narcotic
136: My psychiatrist prescribed this for me starting at taking 30 mg/night (30 mg capsules). At first I woke up less during the night but then I started having bizarre dream, like my daughter being abducted and my ultimately being chased by 2 guys, each holding a homemade ping pong paddle in one hand and a fork in the other. So obviously I stopped taking it the next night. Well, that was 2 nights ago and I'm having major withdrawal issues since I was on such a high dosage for such a short period (3 weeks). The last two days I haven't been able to go to work due to shakinesss and nervousness. According to this site the withdrawal issues usually aren't more than 2 nights, I pray that's trueRead More Read Less
137: It still takes me two hours to fall asleep,but when I do I stay asleep
138: I started taking Temazepam after i had my first heart attack 4 years ago. It does leave me hung over and groggy in the morning but at least I get some sleep. To help them work faster I take them with hot tea or coffee.
139: This compared to Ambien which my Doc. gives me. Experienced longer and more sound sleep! (Without waking up at 3am in the morning like certain other sedative/hypnotics.
140: This drug - "unfortunately" at 2x15 - has been a life-saver for me.  My nocturia is related to my MS and my sleeplessness (happy for 1  hour of continuous sleep (before having "need" for BR break - oftentimes with an empty bladder (hello multiple utis!) - for almost 5 years)) was gradually destroying me.  Many things have been changing (who knew that sleep deprivation was so serious - :)?), but I truly fear "the tolerance" issue.  Any one else have this sort of experience?
141: I took Temazepam 15 mg. about 1 year ago and it didn't help.  Decided to try it again last night, and am throwing the rest of the prescription away.  I had a horrible nightmare, yelled out in my sleep and woke up 4 times during the night.  It obviously doesn't work for me.
142: I tried antihistamines, ambien,& lunesta. Temazepam 30mg works just fine for me with no side effects. 15 mg did not work most of the time. I sleep 7 or 8 hrs. I have been taking it for several months. Sometimes I have to get up at 5:00am or before and I can take Tam. and fall asleep in about 30 min. or less. I drive part-tme on my job from 150 to 300 miles a day.
143: it really helps me to get a good nights sleep.
144: I used to take Ambien, but it caused me to hallucinate, so the doctor switched me to Temazepam, which has been very effective, and I haven't had any side effects.
145: I take this 3 or 4 times, then off until I need it again. It works wonderful, get the best sleep I've had in years!
146: it works like magic!!
147: I have tried/used all the vogue sleeping meds.All created acute short term memory problems,bad taste in the morning mouth and confusion.  Most only provided 3-5 hours of restless sleep.  I have fewer problems with Temazepam and get 5 -6 hours of sleep.  None provide the deep sleep required for restorative rest for me.
148: Works fast. Continuous effect through the night
149: Pretty lame... Taking it does absolutely nothing to make me drowsy, and doesn't help keep me asleep once I finally get there. I also have lucid dreams when on it. The only good thing I have to say about this drug is that it somehow makes the very little sleep that I do get seem slightly more restful - I wake up more pleasant then I did before, even after short sleep intervals that would make anyone an unbearable bear.
150: It works!!!
151: I have chronic insomnia, no problem going to sleep, but awaken every 1 1/2 to 2 hours each night. This med did not help but made me incoherent when I was awake. Also felt sluggish each morning.
152: When I wake up after 7 hours of sleep I feel good.  Only side=effect is dry mouth.
153: Does not have the same strength (effect) as 2 15mg by MYLAN Temazepam
154: My doctor wants me off this medication to avoid memory loss at my age (66) however I've tried other medications and none of them work as Temazepan.  I take it every night and sleep like a "baby".  It is really great for a good night's sleep.
155: I only use this drug when I am having a problem, do not take it every night. Tried ambien first and was still loopy the next day. Then trazodone which did nothing! This one gave me a full 7-8 hours, woke up fine!
156: This medicine after 2 days, made my depression kick in and also made me europhic. I also had bad coordination, felt groggy, I slept but kept waking up being confused about the time. It also made me very anxious. After 2 day I spent 10hours in the ER because of the symptomns caused by the med.
157: I started taking the medicine because I couldn't sleep.  I've been taking it for two weeks and have had a good night sleep every night.
158: I Sleep for an Hour than I'm awake for the rest of the night, Last night I awoke standing in my living room spooky.
159: on on it right now and i am sitting here on the computer not sleeping...
160: I have always had insomnia but it worsened after chemo. I also take medication for depression and while this medication has worked, I find that I end up sleeping almost 10-12 hours. It is very difficult for me to wake up when I take it. Also, I have taken it hours before wanting to get to sleep and it does not always work.
161: I have developed severe lower back pain, in my spine, which makes sleeping impossible. The Dr. gave me painkillers plus the lowest dose of Restoril [7.5], until I can get my MRI and followup appt. It has helped me a great deal. I don't worry about getting addicted, 7.5 is the tiniest amount possible. If anyone is worried, don't take 30 mg., that's overkill in my mind, and you won't get addicted with the 7.5 mg, or at least have very little trouble coming off it. For me it's a HUGE blessing-I still have 3 kids to raise, I need to function. My Dr. says [and you can find this online too], that it has a good muscle relaxing effect that combines well with any injury treatments, without the nasty side effects of traditional muscle relaxants. Expensive, [my ins. is lousy], but well worth it to me. I hope that my Dr. can continue to prescribe this for me until my disc/nerve issues are healed.   Don't be afraid of this drug, just use the smallest dose that works.Read More Read Less
162: has not helped me sleep, still suffer with insomnia
163: My doctor prescribed this medication for me because I was having trouble sleeping after starting menopause.  At first medication seemed to work great and I didn't have to take it every night.  Only 30 pills,15MG and no refills.  Have had for a year but not working so well now.  Hope to get something better next time.
164: makes me sleep 7hrs.
165: been taking meds for 3 months and still have a problem sleeping.
166: The medicaton has work well. Even after awakening in the night I'm still usually able to get back to sleep. A much better medication than ambien.
167: Very cheap. I get 90 day supply of 30mg at Walmart for $16. Walmart is awesome.  Less scary thoughts running in my head as did the Ambien. If I need to wake again as for the kids or to pee, I can still think clear.  Only one complaint: I sometimes wake too early, around 5 am. Doc says this is normal and it is a result of a quality sleep session and I should get to something productive and no go back to sleep.  I recommend this drug as a non-medical expert, but as a user.
168: The first night I took it I slept 7.5 hours, the most i've slept in years. Of course, it hasn't worked since. After I take it, I may still be up 1-2 hours later, or wake up about 4 hours after falling asleep.
169: this medication makes me so tied in the day time...
170: I HATE THIS MED! I just recently went to full dose (15mg) at bedtime after getting off of Klonopin for sleep disorder/insommnia which I was on for a few years. Today, I feel absolutely awful after experiencing the WORST night in my recent memory. I do have Fibromyalgia and Sjogren's Syndrome so I'm on a lot of meds already, but I feel worse from side effects than I do from without sleeping at all - headache, tremors, eye pressure/pain, shakiness, and feeling really spaced out. It takes forever to get to sleep and when I do, I find myself waking up every few hours in between really weird and vivid dreams. Paying an $85/mo copay for GENERIC Restoril doesn't do too much to thrill me either. Calling Dr. ASAP to change to something else. Not worth the money or the possibility for addiction/codependence!  Read More Read Less
171: i have been on this medication since the past 10 years u suffer from sever insomnia which is maybe due o all the other meds i take for my Lupus and arthritis Prednisone(Steroid) but i recently noticed something. the 30mg capsul was once yellow and the medication worked fine but now it comes in a white capsule and ever since they changed it i think another company produces it now it is no longer as effective as it once was
172: This medication had no affect on me.  It didn't even make me feel drowsy.
173: I have been on this for about 4 months and I can't believe the difference it has mad on me.  I was waking up about 2-3 times a night.  I don't have that problem anymore and I feel great in the morning. For me.....it works !  I realize that everybody reacts differently to meds but this is the one for me.  I have M.S. and many problems that go along with that . Now, I don't have to worry about a good nights sleep.  I had tried all other kinds of sleep aids and quite honestly..they were a joke.  Not one of them worked until I tried this one. So.......I'm 100% for this.  :)Read More Read Less
174: jUST WILL NOT PUT ME TO SLEEP OR KEEP ME ASLEEP FOR 8 HRS.
175: I have taken a Ambien for over 15 years. As a sub. for the ambien I switch to Temazepam so that my tolerance to Ambian doesn't get to bad. It is not close to the effectiveness of Zolpidem (Ambian) But does work When I take Temazepam. Sometime I also add 5mg of Zolpidem 30 min after the 30mg Temazepam because Temz. just cant do the job.. My problem is sever with out sleep pill I never reach REM. I also fell that the fear of addiction is far over rated for Ambian. If you can't sleep why would you care if you have to continue the medicine. I have taken it for 15 year's and never felt addicted but there will be no sleep. I have never taken Temazepam for over a week or two because Ambian is so much more effective. Any side effects that I may have had go away in just a few day's.Read More Read Less
176: Some nights this works for me a sometimes it doesn't. It takes several hours for me to fall asleep. Once asleep I do wake up throughout the night but, not as often. I take 30mg. I'm still on the fence with this until I speak to my Dr.
177: Perfect for my needs of a good night's sleep without morning sluggishness.
178: Didn't help the first few nights at all, but I've continued to take my 15 mg and have found it really helps me. I only take it occationally not every night. It does cause more me to loose coordination once it hits. But I "usually" sleep great and no hangover feeling in the am.
179: Been on Tem. 30 mg for at least 15 years. Very concerned with memory problems.   Dr. is helping me withdraw gradually.  Has anyone with a similar history noticed improvement with memory after stopping the drug?
180: gives me a headache
181: Years ago, I had taken everything from quaaludes to placidyl (both red & green)& carbritol (sp?) as a method to get at least 5 non-stop hours of sleep, as my job as a drilling rig supervisor would keep me awake many times all day and night.  NONE of the narcotic based drugs worked past a couple of hours, unless I intentionally overdosed, then I'd be in a narcotic "trance" and couldn't function at all.  The doctor I have now knew exactly what I was referring to, and prescribed restoril. It was an absolute miracle for me, although I do have to take 2 capsules instead of one. That (to me) is an absolute blessing...and there's NO "narcotic hangover". In the past 9 months, my life has done a 180 degree turn for the good- all due to the generic 'temazepam'.  Read More Read Less
182: It just dosen't work for me
183: I have always used ambien to sleep. I have bioplor 2 and have had this med added. I have such vivid nightmares on this med. Is this normal or does it stop? I am scared to take it again.
184: Its a great medication. It helped me sleep - and I didn't feel "drugged" when I woke up.
185: I just started taking this medication tonight. I took 30mg at 10:45 p.m., It is now 12:42 p.m.,so far I am still wide awake.
186: i have chronic insomnia usually sleep 2 hours every 2 days tried all the new things 45mg of this helped me sleep for 4 hours straight very satisfied
187: It was a 'hit or miss' when I had to take it after 3 other meds did not work. I have extreme trouble not only falling asleep but also staying asleep,(I wake often after only 2-3 hrs sleep) and if I woke in the middle of the night then I was drowsy all day, but even if it worked it was NEVER longer than 5 hrs!But I would never take another one if I woke and because it was a capsule I could not just break it and take half. I had tried it off and on for about 2 years.
188: Fully good.
Recommend.
Don't take if an addictive type person.
189: I have been using this drug for over 5 years. I am afraid I am addicted and want to get off. I cannot sleep without them now. I have heard horror stories about getting off them and am scared to death of the withdrawls. Any info out there about people using this drug for this long and having a bad time getting off. I have only been taking 15 mgs a night, but have had to go up to 30 due to increased tolerance. My Doctor says the benifits fo taking them outweigh not being able to sleep. Comments please.Read More Read Less
190: It helps much for the second phase of night's sleep. Allows my head to rest.    Curious if there are long range effects
191: I do not use more then 3 days in a row.
192: You can only take it for a short period of time otherwise it will stop working.  I have developed problems with weakness of the eye lid muscle and am unsure whether that is due to this medication.  My eyelid feels heavier after taking temazepam.
193: I started taking this medication a little less than a month ago. I have suffered from anxiety and insomnia for years, so it's a God send. Most of the other medication's I have taken make me so tired throughout the day. I have not noticed being EXTREMELY tired, but often I fall back asleep until I feel fully rested. I do not wake up what so ever once I take this medicine, I am in a great sleep once taken this medicine, and haven't sleep walked, drove, or anything in that nature. My physician said that it was okay for me to get less than 8 hours sleep on it, that's why it was prescribed. The only thing I have noticed being a negative is feeling a little queasy during the day time(I take this at night) Read More Read Less
194: I wake up two hours after taking the medication (temazepam) and my tinnitus extremely loud motor noise starts and I get vibrations in my lower back. But I started taking the drug twenty-five days ago and it has exacerbated the sound so loud and vibrations/tingling like never before. I then lay in bed and cannot get back to sleep.
195: wake up refreshed and no side effecta as I have experienced with all the benzo class meds.
196: I have been taking this for at least 2 years now.  The only bad thing I would have to say about this is that there are times I can take it at my normal time & then sleep at least 10 hours.  I try to get only 8 hours though.  I don't have any side effects like grogginess in the mornings.  It does work for me (99% of the time) within 40 minutes of taking it.
197: anxiety, trouble sleeping
198: Sister has cancer, she has been awake for 48 hours. she is terminal.
199: Basically this has made me gain some weight. After about 30 minutes of taking this I feel like I haven't ate all day. It's great if you want to gain weight or would like to calm down or relax if you suffer from Panic Disorder. But it doesn't put me to sleep.
200: my doctor prescribed it to me to aid with my bipolar. Trying to get down to a low dose of seroquel(low libido)and use temazepam with 25mg seroquel to sleep at night.  When I do take the temazepam i wake up with a stiff neck and shoulders and headache. Don't feel motivated the next day. I have take it only when i can sleep in the next morning.usually friday and saturday nights.  I won't see my doctor for 3 more weeks. I must say i do sleep good on it.
201: THIS DRUG IS A HYPNOTIC! IT MAKES YOUR BRAIN "THINK" ITS ASLEEP. Be prepared to Wake up in the middle of the grocery store with your pajamas on, you may think your dreaming---only your not. Extremely dangerous to take this "medication" stay away at all costs!
202: I've been taking this Med since 1987 and it has been a life saver. I get 6 hours of sleep  and that's plenty. The only negative side is it makes you very hungry.
203: I've been on this sleeping pill for 7yrs now my Dr is weining me off is there something I can take over the counter that's natural
204: I've had a sleep disorder due to worrying and depression. Also I like to stay up at night and do chores for some reason. Temazepam has helped me get to sleep and I like it better than lunesta, because lunesta tastes awful.
205: I have used this medication for migraines at night to calm and relax me and to get a good nights sleep.  I don't take it often, and my last prescription lasted over a year. It did what I needed it to do and I felt it helped with my migraines.
206: I take 30mg one hour before bedtime and it works great. No side effects, I get up feeling very rested. I was taking Ambien but didn't do a thing for me. I am very happy with Temazepam.
207: ALL OTHER SLEEP MEDICATIONS PRESCRIBED DIDN'T WORK. TEMAZEPAM PRODUCED A GOOD NIGHT SLEEP.
208: This medication doesn't work well at all. I'm lucky to get 3-4 hours of sleep a night, if I sleep at all.
209: This medication has not worked what so ever for me. I'd rather go back to taking Ambien.
210: Good for taking 15mg after several  normal hours of sleep, for the remainning 3 to 4 hours necessary to get a full nightss sleep
211: Very effective for sleep but gives me nightmares:(
212: I take the dosage as required and hour before bed and I still find myself an hour after taking it still sitting there wide awake.  I finally pass out about 1am when I took it at 9pm.  Then I still wake up in the hrs between.  Then I get up at 6 and am completely exhaused!!!
213: It works for me.  I do not notice any side affects.  If I miss taking it, I wake up many, many times during the night.  When I take it I sleep through the night.
214: just found out recently it habit forming. was told to use it, at night. went on for month. then told to use 2 tabs. now I wish I never took it. having a hard time going to sleep now. hard to relax when am in bed. had the sweats. am groggy all day.
215: Using 22.5 mg for over 3 years , I have found my sleep is still interupted . I get 3 to 5 hours sleep till I wake up . Off of it i get 1 to 2 hours sleep at a time. No noticeable side effects , occasional alcohol use .
216: when i first started on this medication it worked for a few months. not anymore.
217: I took 15 mg of temazepam last night for the first time in 12 years. It worked GREAT before however, when I took it last night, it calmed me down but I never really fell asleep. I was dozing on and off for about 1.5 - 2 hrs all night. I fell asleep around 12:30 am (Took med at 9:30pm) and was up at 4:00 am, I don't even feel tired!!!! I also did this when I took Ambien. I had a sleep study done 2 months ago and only fall in to stage 1 and 2 of sleep. So I do have true insomnia. Has anyone else had this problem?Read More Read Less
218: i have been taking it six years and i wake up in the morning fresh and ready to go no sluggish feeling i have had with others
219: stoped taking it and had morning headaches kept me to sleep for 7 or 8 hours.  Stopped beacuse dont want to be dependent.
220: I may as well have taken an aspirin.  While I felt slightly more relaxed at bed time, I lay awake for 2 hours - nothing different than when I don't take it.  I won't bother taking it again.
221: Excellent sleeping pill. Just one 30 mg capsule hit me like a ton of bricks approximately 20 minutes after swallowing them. I felt very heavily sedated and totally relaxed. I had a bit of trouble waking up in the morning (but nothing too big) and I felt a bit groggy for a couple of hours after I woke up, but temazepam is some powerful stuf.
222: I've taken 30 mg for a few of years on an average of  4 nights a week. I slept great and woke up clear headed and refreshed. However, I was having pins & needles nerve sensations that would come & go in my extremities, and my face. Tests revealed no other problems & My doctor &  I attribute this to a side effect & dependency of diazepam. I've begun a taper program. Would much rather struggle with no sleep and be totally drug free!
223: I'm a 63 Y/O retiree so,like a racoon,if I can't sleep at night,I'll just sleep in the daytime!But I just hate not being able to get to sleep,so I use the 30mg Temazepam off and on for 2-4 nights at a time. Works great 80-90% of the time;the rest of the time it just works satisfactorily.I'm happy with this med and suffer no side effects from it.I thought I might be abusing it till I read how long some of the folks in this article have been depending on it.Yikes.I'd have a talk with my Dr.
224: i was perscribed it in 30mg oral capsuls, for my rls, which made me queasy but i choose to use it at half strength and it works wonderfully.
225: can patient mix with supplement valarian   extract with temazepam for treatment insomnia.
226: just helped get to sleep
227: This is my second night of taking this prescription.  I fell asleep with taking 15 mg, and I slept all night.  However, waking in the AM is hard.  I feel hug over and wanted to stay in bed.  I am not sure what I will do tonight, but definitely don't like the hangover feeling in the morning.
228: I have to take 30mg 4-5 hours before I want to go to sleep then 30 minutes before sleep I take 1mg xanax which seem to help the temazepam. Temazepam was first synthesized in 1964, but it first came into use in 1969.
229: 15 MG, works well on me most nights .  I have a baby and I am still able to wake up to her in the middle of the night, feed her, and go back to sleep. Occasionaly though, I do have night where I have to take 2 because one is not working.  No groggyness on this med in the morning.
230: I gave my daughter cough medication and don't remeber how much I gave her.
231: sometimes it works sometimes not
232: I am on 30mg and cyclobenzaprine nightly (long term) it gives me 5hrs of deep rem sleep I don’t get otherwise due to fibromyalgia
233: RLS
234: Worked well at first but now seems less effective.  Waking up after 4-5 hours of sleep and unable to return to sleep.
235: Helps knock me out at night within 20 min, but i am so tired the next day that i try to avoid taking it if possible
236: I have M.S. and have had a hard time staying asleep so the doctor asked me to try this and my goodness..............it works great!!  I can, actually, get to sleep a whole night without waking up and the best part is that I feel fine when I wake up.  I have tried all the over the counter sleep aids and nothing worked and I even tried Lunesta and Ambien with no results at all.This is the one for me.
237: I've been taking this drug over a year and it's a blessing for me.  Haven't experienced any side effects and find it very effective.  It provides a full 8 hours of sleep with no hangover.
238: Helps me to go to sleep,does not make me stay asleep.
239: Be prepared to have NiGHTMARES! I've taken this pill for a week now and feel Restless because of the dreams I've been having while I'm asleep. Don't take this pill!
240: Works sometimes and sometimes not!!!!!
241: It seems to work for awhile and then stops for a couple of days then works again. Never completely getting a full night sleep however.
242: Addicted by week 3!  Unable to stop this medication!
243: Works well for sleep, but long term use can show signs of muscle weakness; symptoms of bursitis.
244: I'm 55 and have had trouble with insomnia most of my life. I was given Ambien and Ambien CR to try for brief periods, but still woke up after four hours. I was then given a prescription for Temazepam and have found it to be very effective. It seems very gentle when going to sleep, I get 7-8 hours, usually straight through and feel great in the morning with no hangover or side effects.
245: This was my sister, when taking it she experienced hallucinations of people being there with her when there was no one there. She made phone calls to people and would say really strange things and then not remember doing so. This is a horrible drug! My advice, go out and jog until you are really tired. Do something to get some exercise, run, bicycle, yoga, read or something.
246: Years ago I was prescribed either 10 or 15 mg. for sleep, but I had to take two capsules instead of one for it to work. At the right dosage, it worked well -- no hangover, no dependency, no withdrawal. Much more effective than the newer sleeping pills on the market.
247: I have taken this drug two nights in a row for problems which include the inability to go back to sleep during waking at night. I have wakened more frequently with this medicine than without it. I also have experienced vivid and frightening dreams, the latter of which I seldom or ever have. Needless to say, I plan to contact my doctor tomorrow.
248: I seem to fall asleep within a short period of time on most occasions. In a rare instance it takes longer than expected.  I think that is usually due to being over stimulated mentally. I usually wake up easily and after taking a shower I am fully awake with no after effects.  I started out on 1 cap of 75 mg and had to increase it to 150mg per dose and have been very successful at that dosage without any need to increase.In short this medicine works well for me.
249: I just got prescribed this medication today for sleep and I took it 3 hours ago and I'm still wide awake. It's 30mg so I figure I would have started feeling drowsy about 2 hours ago. For those of you that have a high tolerance to medication like this I wouldn't recommend it because it doesn't work.
250: severe memory loss...
251: I have been on temazepam for several years. Thank goodness for doctors that realize effectiveness more than outways the chaace of dependence. The say this is only to be used for a short time but I disagree. I do believe you can and will build up a tolerance to it over time and the maximum doesage allowed by law in my State is 30mgs. I have gotten many a good nights sleep with this drug. I do not think I am dependant on it but if I am so be it...at least I am able to sleep and it does not disrupt any other part of my life or my ability to function like a normal person.Read More Read Less
252: This drug works great for me. I've tried the CPAP and I don't get the sleep that this drug gives me. I've not developed any of the symptoms associated with it's use. I take it every night but no my doc will soon cut me off. I think I'm more addicted to the effect of a good night sleep instead of the drug. Does that make sense. I don't use it as a sedative. I just want to sleep five hours. It works.
253: i fall the sleep quick and awaken refresh. i taike about twicw a week and sometimes not at all.
254: While taking this medication I was able to fall asleep easily and generally slept through the night. Since being taken off it by my doctor who substituted lorazepam, I have had great difficulty falling asleep for at least one hour, and as I type this I have had no sleep at all in the last twenty four hours. I gave up trying at six A.M. and had a cup of coffee to cure a throbbing headache. I limit myself to two cups a day in the morning, lest anyone think that cafine consumption is part of my problem.Read More Read Less
255: i have a very  hard sleeping at night  i have insomnia
256: Been taking this medication for almost 2 months. My doctor just upped my dose to 30mgs cause 15 wasn't working. Some nights it works great, but others, especially if I've been stressed bad, it doesn't help at all. I know I shouldn't but when I'm real tierd and can't fall asleep I'll take 45mgs. I am trying to advoid the addiction so some days I will try to wear myself out and just hope for sleep without the meds.
257: I dont get to sleep fast and still up and down during the night , so far I have not been pleased with the results.
258: it worked first few months. still got up every 4-5 hours. tried ambien, nytol, tylenol pm, simply sleep, lunesta, a bath and a glass of wine. nothing works at least for 6-8 hours. if you no, please tell
259: This should be taken off the market!!! My whole life has been damaged hopefully not beyond repair due to this. READ THE SIDE EFFECTS VERY CAREFULLY!!! This is a dangerous drug!!! I was hospitalized with a full psychotic episode, had severe pain & spasms, was getting up & doing things in my sleep ( the driving & cooking being the worst), and much more. I still have severe memory problems  & remember almost nothing during the NINE MONTHS that my doc had me on this (it's only meant to be taken MAX 2 weeks). Please don't let this happen to you or your loved ones & if it does, please offer understanding & patience & know that isn't really that person. Also note that the original manufacturer only made a 10 mg dose but the generics gave it a different name (temazepam is generic for ristorel) & increase the dosage (when I complained 2 my doc, I thought I was getting something different, not an increase of the same). Good luck & God bless.Read More Read Less
260: This is my first night taking Temazepam 30mg. I took it at 9:30pm cst it is now 3:35am and I'm still awake I don't know what to think or how it's suppose to work but it is not working for me.
261: GAD plus parkinson like tremors made getting to sleep difficult but after a year Iconstantly get up early(4am)
262: I personally requested this medication from my Pulminary doctor for the following reasons. Been taking Prednisone, a steroid, on a long-term basis which would cause high amounts of anxiety and kept me up all night. I skipped the 15mg dose and jumped right into 30mg. Takes affect almost 1hr 30min after consumption but works great. Very satisfied with the results and have not noticed any addictions to to it whatsoever. Overall, one of the best sleep aids out there. Trouble sleeping? Consult with your doctor. Very well worth it.Read More Read Less
263: Many nights it does not seem to help.  I take Wellbutrin and the doctor recommend Restoril but my insurance company uses temazapam under their coverage.  Lately I have trouble sleeping while using it.
264: I have been tried on every sleeping medicine known to man, and I just could not get past the side effects-feeling hung-over in the morning, which is not an option when I have a household to run which includes a very busy 6 year old girl, feeling sick to my stomach, not able to keep food down, and things such as this.  Also these meds would mess with my digestive system which was very painful.  Also some of the dreams were so vivid, I would have to ask my family if these events really took place, and if it was an active dream, I would wake feeling worn out even with staying asleep all night. So when I was prescribed temazepam, I thought here we go again.  But with the first night I slept so sound I forgot what is was like. And to this day I still experience this kind of rest each night.Read More Read Less
265: Unfortunately I have been given this as a treatment for chronic insomnia on and off for 18 yrs and every time I take it I end up being wide awake and over active. On the flip side my sister has half and is out like a light!  But I seem to get very hit and miss results on many medications.
266: I am on my second month taking 30MG and for the most part it has cured a life long problem of chronic trouble sleeping due to Post Tran. Stress Syd.,it has overall helped more than hurt meaning I have experienced a very small amount of short term memory loss. I have some concerns over long term use.
267: at first it seemed to work well for me... now, not so well. i don't fall asleep faster, still wake up frequently through the night. maybe i just need to adjust my dosage. on 30mg. now
268: I have to take it 1-2 hours before bedtime and then will sleep about 7 hours before waking up. I also have central sleep apnea and use a bipap machine set to a pressure of 21. I am told that it is the not breathing that wakes me or keeps me from having a deep sleep. If I am sick with a cold or sinus, the Temazepam does not get me to sleep until around 3 am, and does not keep me asleep. The drug might work better for someone without the apnea.
269: I am taking 30mg for 15days now. My main problem was that I would wake up in the middle of the night to go pee and then be awake for 2 or more hours... and then finally getting one more hour of sleep before getting up and ready for work.   I wanted to see what exactly this medication was about so I logged on to read up on it. Now I am thinking that maybe my Dr. could have asked me a few more questions, or my pharacy could have told me the major contraindications as to who should not  be taking it... as I have in the past few weeks had very bad depression/ sadness and excessive crying - all for the same reasons anyone would be sad and crying, but it seems now that I may need to stop for a few weeks and see if this med has any effect on my sadness and excessive crying. Or it could just be that I am horribly stressed about work and about my husband going off to Afganistan for 13 mts.. hmmm but I do like sleeping until the alarm wakes me up. If I don't get enough sleep, I am a witch..
270: been takingthis drug. started 15. now up to 45.takes 4 to 5 hours. took ambien for going 30 miutes befire 10:00pm takes 5 to 8 hours to get any releif. this product is terrible. Dr. will fix this or good by for this crap. does not work.
271: After 3 years of no sleep, it took just two nights with this medication to reset my sleep pattern.  I now sleep 8-9 hours a night, wake refreshed with no residual drowniness or forgetfulness.  Highly recommend for the right patients and conditions.
272: I have been taking 30mg for 5mo's. Gets me to sleep some times, but I wake up after 3-4hr's.  Always wake up with an upset stomach. Have been noticing joint pain lately don't know if it is related.
273: 30 mgs. for over a year now.  Works great for me and I have to believe it's less addictive than xanex.  Maybe memory problems. . can't remember!
274: VERY GOOD BUT HAVING TROUBLE WHEN I QUIT TAKING IT
275: withdrawal from this medication is difficult. I am looking for a BETTER ONE.
276: This drug is a life saver. Could not sleep for more than 3 hours a night for over a week. Took 15 mg and slept but woke after 4 hours sleep. Tried 30 mg and slept peacefully for 7 hours, without interruption. No after effects, no drugged feeling the next morning. Have not taken for more than 2 nights in a row, so cannot comment on long term use.
277: I work ALL night(6:30pm to 7am) , and MUST sleep ALL day . This medication does the trick(30mg),with no undesirable side effects. My bedroom windows are shrouded like a vampire lives there , but you can't argue with success when you are fighting mother nature and sleeping when the sun is shining & all the "daytime noise" you take for granted when you work a regular 9-5 job.
278: I was giving this medication to detox from Clonazapam and alcohol addiction. Serequel turned me into a zombie-the walking dead. It put my body to sleep but kept my mind awake in turn giving me anxiety. It made my panic attacks worse, and deprived me of sleep until I stopped use. This is the WORST drug out there...stay away fom it.
279: It works within 30-45 minutes of taking it.  I'm taking the 30 mg capsule, and have been taking it every night for about 3 months now.  I have not noticed any decrease in effectiveness, so far.  I've had trouble with insomnia for over 3 years which is most likely related to pain from a severe car accident which has left me with permanent spinal damages.  I've been taking 40 mg of Methadone for pain per day for around 4 years and an increase in the dosage would probably help me sleep without the Temazepam, but I don't want to take a higher dose of pain medication yet.Read More Read Less
280: Puts me to sleep with no hangover feeling the next morning.
281: All Temazapan is not created equal. Some generics very in potency and effect then others in my experience. I have been on 15 mgr for 30 years and it's finally turning it's back on me as I have bad memory loss and amnesia this many years later. To scared to try to go off of it.
282: This works for me.  The drawbacks are that I feel a slight hangover the next day and I have a lot of trouble trying to go to sleep naturally the next night.  I use this med as an escape value after three nights of being up all night.  I try hard to avoid all meds for fear of psychological addiction.
283: The medication does help me sleep through the night, though I don't fall asleep any quicker. I have, however, had some very serios problems wuth short term memory loss, doing things without knowing it   (e.g. driving to the bank and eating an entire bunch of bananas) and problems with confusion thay lasts throughout the entire day. I've settled on taking it only on weekends, and a different medication during the week.
284: I fall asleep at night very easily without any meds, but I wake up in 2 hrs and can't go back to sleep.  I take Temazepam and  Ambien nightly and, if I am too anxious to relax, I add Xanax.  I don't have a problem with waking up in the morning when the alarm goes off at 4:30 AM, but I get sleepy in about 3 hrs and it's hard to shake off the drowiness.
285: did not aid in my sleep
286: I have an extremely severe form of insonmina that has lasted 4 years now and 10 docs, Phys, Neuro, Pain doc, even pulmonary, even though I DO NOT HAVE SLEEP APNEA!  They cannot find a cure and I am at the best Dr. I have seen and after round after round of misdiagnosing my condition with other drugs, then I am back to square one and they tell me they just simply do not know what to do for me!  I just can't believe that!!!!  Im Going back to natural herbal remedies but going very in depth into studying extensively because I am sick to deathhhh of the Pharmacutical industy just producing drugs for SALES   but have terrible side effects, addictive,etc. I'll I want to do is sleep lke normal people do. all diagnosises have been wrong!  From Severe Mania, then to ADHD, bipoplar, all wrong!!!  So If anyone out there could give me any sudggestions! I would be extremely greatful!!  God BlessRead More Read Less
287: Has anyone experienced a metallic taste in the mouth? I'm  trying to figure out why I have that.
288: Taking 30 mg of Temazepam an hour before bed helps me sleep through the night, usually without waking. Some residual drowsiness occurs in the morning; I take the drug an hour before bed to mitigate this side effect. At this dosage, it is much more effective than other medicines I have tried. Taking only 15mg was not nearly as effective for me.
289: I never have that "getting sleepy" feeling. I lay for hours and sometimes it kicks in and sometimes it doesn't.
290: My husband is a cancer patient and has insomnia.  He developed it following his stem-cell transplant.  His doctor prescribed 30mg of temazepam.  Instead of helping him sleep, it does the opposite.  He is agitated and still cannot fall asleep.  We are going to meet with his doctor again to see what and if he can take anything else.  Thank you
291: I take Temazepam for Restless leg Sym. Some nights it works well but also at times I can't sleep at all. Which that is what I'd like to know why they don't always work. a lot of the pill turns out to be duds.
292: My doctor put me on Temazepam because I built up a tolerance to my other sleep medication. This does not help me at all! I need something that helps - I'm up all night!
293: My sleep pattern was all over the place sometimes i would sleep maybe if i was lucky 4 hours during the night. I find taking this drug allows me to sleep for about 7 - 8 hours and i am able to start my job refreshed. The only downside is when my tablets run out i go back to very little sleep and i am constantly exhausted.
294: I've been taking Temazepam (15 mg) 2-3 nights per week (to avoid tolerance), other nights I take two capsules of valerian root. Haven't experienced any side effects and find it effective. It provides a full 7-8 hours of sleep with no hangover.
295: I have had cramps seems like im more depressed and have to take more than recommended.
296: Tried this as substitute for Ambien CR which I have been on for over 15 years. It had no effect whatsoever for about 3 hours. Total sleep for the night around 4 1/2 hours. Not exactly impressed but had no "hangover" feeling in the morning.
297: Prescribed this a few weeks ago, but only for 2 weeks, warned by GP its addictive and only suitable for short term use.  Didn't really knock me out but was a pleasant drowsy feeling...got some sleep but not much. Took it for the rest of the two weeks but it became less effective with each dose.  I find half a bottle of wine has the same effect but not very sensible  unfortunately.  I know what causes my sleeplessness, anxiety and stress caused by divorce and financial problems...if these were to resolve so would my sleep problems :-(Read More Read Less
298: The first couple of times I took it, it put me out.  Now taking 2-30mg tabs before bed and it has no effect on me.  I liked it at first because I thought that I had found something that works for me.  But after 2-3 times taking the script, I'm disappointed in it.
299: I have had insomnia for 2 years now. Taking xanax, trazodone,mirtazapine and then dr added Temazepan. Did not see any difference in being able to fall asleep and stay asleep. Am on 15 mg.  Wonder if 30 mg would work better. But am on so many meds for sleep will need to ask dr if an increase in Temaz would be ok.  I do fall asleep sometimes right away for 1-1/2 hours, but then am up every 1-1/2 hours the rest of the night. Morning comes and then seems to work & sleep 5-8 hrs but then my day is almost gone. HELP.  Gotta call the dr if I can get hold of her! All in all, I feel 15 mg. doesn't do a thing, especially when combined with all other meds for sleep.  None are helping.   Read More Read Less
300: It has only worked for me once out of the 5 times I've used it.
301: After pricey and bad experience with Ambien, and Lunesta, the much less expensive and older drug Tamazepam seems to work better for me after 5 years of insomnia.  I have a more natural sleep, and no hangover or memory loss.
302: works great for me! Miracle drug
303: I had really big sleep issue ,without any medication i couldn't fall asleep at all,doctor prescribed me mirtazapine but i got nightmares and not too much sleep like 2 hours,but valium 20-30mg i sleep like a baby,i woke up in the morning and people literally asked me what i did because i look soo fresh to them.
304: I have been on this drug for 3 months  seams to work ok have some strange dream secquences with it not bad but weird was on Ambien before it quit working doc =switched me to this one I like it better.
305: I have had trouble sleeping most of my life. I have tried everything thing from temazepam 30mg to chloral hydrate to benzodiazepines/hypnotics to barbiturates. Nothing works longer than a day/night. The same is true of this medication. I got 1 six hour stretch of sleep; the next night ... Nothing!  What ever shall I do? I guess my body doesn't like any sleep medication.
306: Previously took Ambien for over 10 years, and thought I would try something different for a change.  30mg dose has done absolutely NOTHING for me.  I took it nearly 4 hours ago on an empty stomach.  It's nearly 4am, and I'm still wide awake.  To heck with this... I'm going back to Ambien!
307: This drug only good for about 30 days, after that it doesn't work any more.
308: I'm still not sleeping . Extremely frustrated
309: I was skeptical at first as I am not a pill popper, but this was prescribed by a VERY good doctor.  I like it a lot.  I got to sleep easily, but if I awake in the night, I'll take one.  It's great
310: This helps me go to sleep, but it had me planning my own suicide, extra depressed. I also think I was sleep walking at one point, also I feel tired the next day. I take it every now and then jut to get a real good sleep, but I try to not take it every night.
311: I only take Temazepam when I am exhausted, haven't slept well in several nights, and can't function.  My physician said to be careful with it because it's addicting.  So I actually only take it maybe once a month, 15mg. When I take it, I have the best and most sound sleep ever and wake up refreshed and with no side effects or grogginess.  This absolutely works for me.  I've been taking it many year.
312: Sleep very effectively and stay asleep without waking up during the night.
313: This is much better than Ambien. The first 2 nights I took it it worked fine. Now, about 8 days later I wake 3 hours later & take another one, & sleep another couple hours or so.
314: doesn't work at all.  Headache, itchy, sore throat/mouth swollen tongue and no sleep.
315: Helps fall asleep but I have trouble staying asleep.
316: Taking 30mg..what's the stronger use?
317: I came off Ativan and began Resoril it has been difficult transitioning.  I have not experienced any adverse withdrawl symtoms, but I have been somewhat irritable.  Has anyone had the same experience?  I'm still a little wakeful.
318: Temazepam,lets me sleep for about 5 hours,having no after affects
319: 30mg - Worked great for many years, until it stopped working.
320: I usually end up having to take a 2nd pill within an hour of the first to go to sleep.
321: I sleep walk. Otherwise I get a good rest.
322: I asked to be given a different medication than the Ambien I had been taking. My NP told me that his patients had had good responses with Temazepam. I am mostly pleased too. I usually get a good six hours sleep. For me, this is good.
323: My daughter is 23 and received this drug while hospitalized and had a reaction to it including tachycardia and uncontrollable myoclonic jerking requiring reversal of the medication.
324: I take 30mg. once or twice per week in order to not develop a dependency.  Helps me to sleep for about 4 hrs. and then fall asleep again for total of 6-7 hrs.  Dry mouth at night...but no hangover effect.
325: Operation on my leg causing pain keeps me from sleeping. Doctors gave me 30 mg. of temazepam and I've been taking it for 35 years. Works great with no side effects. I take one-half hour before bed and get 7-8 great sleep every night.
326: Makes me anxious... mind having trouble slowing down
327: I took 30mg for over a year.  Gets me to sleep, but after 5mo's had severe arthritis/joint pain in knees and neck. Also had a problem with agitation. So stopped taking.
328: After having a chronic sleeping disorder, result of combat ptsd, I am now able to sleep 7-8 hrs vs every 2 hrs
329: For 20 years my mother has been taking 2 30 mg. pills of temazepam. All of a sudden, her doctor is telling her she can only take 1 30 mg. pill per night. This is making my mother so upset and I think it is disgraceful how she is being treated.
330: Since I began using a CPAP machine; I take 15mg for sleep.  It has a calming effect and does help me sleep.
331: it has work 4 me but i have to take the caps apart an take it that way.it works faster that way.
332: my doctor upped my dose from 15mg to 30 mg (for no reason)with 30mg, i have had vivid, bizarre dreams. i lessened the dosage back to about 15~20mg and have had no other problems -very effective!! (i dreamed i was urinating in a toilet (male)woke up and was wetting the bed...!! i rapidly scrambled to a toilet and changed my sheets!! i had two of those incidents, with the original dosage.)
333: not much i have only been takeing it for three and befor tamazapn i was on ambeiam for years
334: have taken to help me rest
335: i am pretty sure i am having depression due to this medication
336: First time I took this med it was great got a good night sleep was able to fall asleep before 5am. The next night I took it I fell alseep fast too. However, the next day all I wanted to do was sleep. And it continued into the following day too. So my opinion of this med is not good at all.
337: Have taken this for awhile now, get the best sleep ever! No pill hangover in morning.
338: I have Fibromyalgia, Temazapan had helped me with my sleep problems. Any medication tried for FMS  has been ineffective or caused side effects This drug is the only one that has helped with at least one of the symptoms..so helps the fatigue problem.
339: Whatever filler they used I was allergic to and ended up with swollen hands, lips and was on the way to my throat.
340: I was on dayvigo until the darn pharmaceutical company said "nope" we aren't letting u have continued use with this med,so I was denied the usual working med until 2 days ago,I was put on this medication here. Day 2 I am not enjoying this medication cause it is leaving me very sleepy through out the day,I have no medical issues other than sleep. I take this medication each night for the last 3 nights in a row now and I am not enjoying this "drunk" feeling from this medication.
341: I was put on this to help me with my fibromyalgia and to help me get sleep from the insomnia and pain. But IT DOES NOT WORK for me. Im taking 30 mgs and all it has done is give me vicid and sometimes nightmares and it has knocked something off balance in my brain because now I am angry and pissed off all the time. I called my dr yesterday and left a message for him to change this med. There is no way im taking this EVER AGAIN. Good luck to those who do. It only has had negative side effects for me
342: 15 mg capsule for intermittent insomnia. Not very effective. Still some problems falling asleep and waking up during the night. Considerable hangover effect in the morning. Can not recommend.
343: After a hard fall on concrete steps injurying my head and neck, was unable to fall asleep and when finally sleeping awakened every half hour. Once taking Temazepam, was able to fall asleep and get 7 to 8 hours restful sleep with no after effects After the first week, I now only take it as necessay which is only about once a week..
344: I have had trouble sleeping my entire life. My Doctor put me on Temazepam 30 MG and I have been on it for about 4 years.  Does help me sleep but am getting about 4 hours a night. Only problem is that in the morning I have trouble opening my eyelids unless I use my hands to help open them.  Has anyone else experienced this?  Never had that problem before I started taking this drug.  Slight memory loss also.
345: i thought it waas a benzodiazapine derivitive
346: I have been taking this for about 20 yrs and during the last 7yrs I have developed a tremer. Could this drug cause a tremer of the hand?
347: It has carried on in to the day and has acted as an anti-angiety
348: This medication worked well for me.  I did notice that I had a heightened sense of smell.  Many perfumes became offensive to me.  I have been off of the medication and no longer am nauseous at work from employee's perfume use.
349: i am not sure of side effect, but i am experiencing the following.Head tingling, lack of consertration in school,iritability, and when i dont take it i cant or have a hard time sleeping.
350: Overall, this medication has dramatically improved my insomnia. However, I still wake up during the middle of the night.
351: i took 15mg of this and havent fallen asleep yet. i took it for a week and still didnt fall asleep. i even stayed up all day and tired myself out then took one and it still didnt work.
352: waking after 3-4 hrs.  diarea
353: If you don't fight it,  it usually piys you out in 20 minutes.  I usually had a great three to four hours sleep and awaken feeling rested.  That beats no sleep or fifteen minutes nap..  Great product,  but tests shows it is addictive.
354: I was put on temazepam when Ambien didn't work after 10 years.  Initially I didn't think it was working, but think my body had to figure out it wasn't getting Ambien any longer. I was originally prescribed 15mg but when it finally started working it left me feeling drugged in the morning.  I have switched to 7.5mg and I am sleeping well 90% of the time and waking up refreshed and ready for the day.  What started out as a bad experience is not a very positive one. I have noticed no side effects (with 7.5mg) to date.  I have been taking it for about a month nightly.Read More Read Less
355: works within 15 minutes or less and i sleep for about 7 hours,no dreams. I can wake and be alert. I do not feel any side affects and have been taking for several months.
