1: Nothing works on my depression and social anxiety nearly as well as Nardil and I have been on most of them, including tricyclics, SSRIs, SNRIs, 
ECT, and other MAO Inhibitors.  Some side effects are unpleasant but well worth the trouble.
2: I have been on Phenelzine (oral)for over 30 years and it has helped me tremendously.  I follow the diet guidelines to the "tee", wear a Medic Alert Chain, have had 2 surgeries while on Nardil and doctors and surgeons who make themselves knowledgeable about Phenelzine there will not be a problem with other drug, food interactions.  I do know what would have happened to me if my psychiatrist would not have tried phenelzine (Nardil).
3: I've been on Phenelzine for almost a year and its the thing I have done in all the years I have suffered with Depression
4: Prescribed for my bipolar condition with more so depression. My side effects nausea, more depression with suicidal thoughts.  Weight gain (30 - 40 lbs.), bloating, irritable (angry), tiredness with sleeping 2-4 hrs. during day. Trouble focusing on tasks. Not wanting to eat and trouble buying food.
5: Taking phenlzine 90 mg a day for years, works moderately well, but getting postural hypotension, so reduced dose to 60 mg a day, now feeling bad again.  Is there another type of medication which I can add?
6: I had a shocking depression, coupled with a debilitating axiety disorder. Sadly none of the SSRI, SSRNI or tricyclics worked for me. Then came a miracle named Nardil (phenelzine). It WORKED and wonderfully so! Not only did my depression lift but so did my anxiety which was more debilitating than the depression.
7: I have been taking Nardil for over a year now, and whilst it has helped a bit, I am still suffering. I have had two different augmenting agents prescribed but have just had to spend 4 weeks in hospital.  While I was there a doctor mistakenly halved my dose from 120 mg a day to 60.  In less than 36 hours the effect was horrific, my depression was a lot worse and withdrawl effects were terrible.  Never allow your dose to be reduced as quickly!
