1: My first day taking this I had the worst side effects. 3 hours in starting feeling nauseous, 7 hours in I felt like my throat was numb and someone was choking me. Then the night of I had the worst Migraine of my life and I have experience with migraines but this was the worst of the worst. It lasted 5 hours, called my dr and asked their advise. Now im slowly getting better. Definitely research this medication before taking because it is very very strong.
2: Took the first pill last night. I will not take another. The neuropathic pain event I had after taking the capsule was far worse than any neuropathic event that I have had. I felt like I was having a heart attack-fast heart beat, hard to breath...and my hands turned really red. Maybe an allergic reaction?
3: I've been on this medication for 7 years ONLY because I couldn't get off of it. It never helped with pain or depression. I'm currently on month 3 of trying to taper off this medication & I have been the sickest I've ever been in my whole life. Severe dizziness, nausea & migraines. I've even been feeling suicidal because I can't handle how sick I've been feeling. Getting off this drug is a he'll I wouldn't wish on my worst enemy. Don't take it!
4: water pill
5: I was told by my pain consultant to take this medication, so I did. Worst mistake ever, never felt so bad.
6: duloxetine has changed my life for the better. I don't want to sleep all the time. I have a renewed interest in life, including love making. My hot flashes and bladder spasms all but went away. My memory and brain function is so much better! People were starting to think I had early onset dementia. No, just depression, thank goodness. I feel normal for the first time in 9 months after my concussion.
7: have fibromialgia  and authritis all over lots of other issues too ins wouldnt cover cymbalta so its been duloxitine from the start been about 6 months my anziety is a little better still dont sleep well wierd dreams and lots of pain
8: Have tried everything to help with nerve pain, joint pain, fatigue, depression and anxiety related to CFS/ME and Long Covid.  Cymbalta gave me the best relief within a week of using.  I can finally go back to my job and my life.
9: This has helped really well with depression but not so good with anxiety.
10: Cymbalta works great for my chronic back pain.  The generic Duloxetine is not as effective.  Also, I have experienced side effects with the generic such as bladder burning, yeast infection, and my back pain has increased.  I will go back to Cymbalta.
11: Had been on prozac for depression for 12 years, and after recent "episode" of severe depression finally was referred for psychiatric review. Was diagnosed as also having anxiety disorder. Duloxetine prescribed, 30mg initially increased to 60mg after 4 days. Have had nearly all listed side effects, although feeling almost 100% better mentally, am physically incapacitated by chronic fatigue, muscle weakness, uti symptoms, faintness, nausea, hot and cold sweats. Psych has reduced dose to 30mg till review in a few days to try another drug treatment. This one obviously doesnt agree with me physically, Im so disappointed! :( Desperate to feel better soon!Read More Read Less
12: This was my third anti-depressant I have tried. That actually worked able to be a whole new person.I am able to stay out of bed.
13: Taking generic Cymbalta (duloxetine) has made my depression/anxiety much worse. I feel terrible/mental confusion/lack of energy. Does not work for me.
14: female, 60, on Cymbalta for 3 mths. 60 mil twice daily, along w/tramadol 50 mil 3 daily & neurontin 300 mil once daily, for pain & depression for fibromyalgia; also take zolpidem 10 mil at night to sleep. It took me a while to find the right combination of medications that would work for me. I had gotten so racked w/pain that I could hardly get out of bed to go to the bathroom, took very hot baths in the heat of the SC summers to releive the pain in my legs, would lay with heating pads on my shoulder, back & legs (both front & back) for pain relief as well. I have always eaten a very well balanced diet w/lots of fruits & veg, fish, chicken, some pork, & very little beef, and a vit. & supplement regime since I was a very young woman. I have maintained my weight & have exercised at least 3 times weekly, (weights, stretching, swimming indoors, walking)throughout my life. To be struck by this weird disease and to look the picture of health has had me baffled. The worst now is the relentless fatigue I feel daily. I begin my day thinking I can do as much as I have always and in a very short while I am over come w/fatigue and must sit or lie down before tackeling another house hold project. I have not worked for months or driven my car (six speed standard) for fear of not being able to depress the clutch! I believe I am improving but I also have noticed that a low pressure weather system with rain will affect my pain level quite a bit. I believe the Cymbalta was the key that started me on the path to finding which medications would help me. I am loathed to think how long I must be on these medications since all are very expensive, but for the forseeable future, this looks like what my life is.Read More Read Less
15: I have chronic migraine headaches for 13 years, and it was just getting worse. I though I was going to go crazy any time. I was having migraines every day, with numbness and cramps in my face. I have tried several medicine and nothing worked, and the side effects were devastating. In June of 2016 I started duloxetine and gained a new life. I had side effects for about 5 days (I was slow, and could not think or talk straight) but after that I didn't feel anything anymore. I am a new person. It also helped me with my chronic pain (fibromyalgia).    Read More Read Less
16: No change after over two months of use.
17: I switched from 90mg/day Cymbalta to 90mg/day Duloxetine.  The Duloxetine is just not as effective.  Duloxetine 90mg feels like Cymbalta 60mg.  I suspect the dosage might not be consistent because sometimes I experience symptoms of a missed dose - disturbing vivid dreams and anxiety.
18: Diagnosed with fibromyalgia in 2016 and couldn't find anything that would allow me to function 'normally'. Started taking Duloxetine 2021, combined with paracetamol and amitriptyline and most days I manage. Only need to take Tramadol every now and again rather than most days now.
19: This drug has been a miracle ! Have suffered 30+ years with suffocating anxiety and resulting depression; now, for the first time in years I feel alive. I still get afraid sometimes, but overall am able to enjoy life. I thank GOD my GP prescribed these ! Any other drugs just made me worse, and put on weight. These are a miracle. Wonderful !
20: I don't know how I would feel without this medication. I feel that I am living a normal life -- with only mild ups and downs. I had extreme ones before using this medications.
21: Was prescribed for chronic back pain. Has been totally effective in the relief of my pain. My back has not felt this good in over a decade.
22: This drug helps with idiopathic neuropathy pain in both feet about 30 - 40 percent.
23: Seriously look into other alternate drugs before going on this particular drug.  My pain was the same as with no medication, bruising was severe, I could not get enough water in my system, and the dizziness/nausea never went away.
24: recently went off Cymbalta for the generic duloxetine 60mg once a day.  Ruined the taste of everything.  Has anyone else experienced this side effect?
25: After only 1 pill (20mg taken midday) I am writing a warning to anyone thinking about starting it.  My experience is painful muscle spasms in my neck and shoulders, dull nausea that makes it almost impossible to think of anything else, a feeling my heart is beating too slow (54 bpm), and totally spaced out cognitively.  This is all at hour #6.  Since the half life is 12 hrs, I have quite a ways to go before it is out of my system.  There will not be any more going INTO my system, for sure.  I would rather have the severe depression and anxiety and be able to think, move, and eat normally.  Odd what you can be grateful for when something worse comes along.Read More Read Less
26: Severe side effects: nausea, sweating, flu like aches, headache, intestinal distress. No appetite
27: opposite effect of cymbalta. Did not help my pain, I felt like the duloxetine was a total falicy for a substitute for cymbalta. there was a feeling of taking an upper instead of the way cymbalta calmed and helped me cope with the fibromyalgia, osteoarthritis and muscle and bone pain. I could not take the duloxetine. My dr. did not change me from cymbalta, the cvs drug store took it upon themselves without warning to change me to the duloxetine. not to mention the mental shock and increase pain, I would never want another person to be so abruptly changed from cymbalta which provide a degree of pain relief to duloxetine which is a shock when you feel so much pain and like you have been given a pill to stop depression. Not why I have been taking cymblta for many yers.Read More Read Less
28: Have been taking brand name Cymbalta for 8 years with success. Since taking generic Duloxetine, not so much. Doctor has now increased dosage. Will try that for a while. Cannot take generic thyroid. Do not have much faith in this switch either. Not happy!
29: I am not sure if this medicine is causing feeling sick or not but it is one of the side effects. Wondering if anybody else has had this side effect.
30: Broke my back a couple years ago, have had a spinal fusion resulting in extreme nerve pain and nerve damage in my right leg. It was unbearable. Been taking 120mg for almost 2 years. Haven’t had any noticeable side effects. I definitely wouldn’t be able to survive with out it.
31: It was given to because I mentioned suicide if my back pain was not fixed. It leveled out my moods BUT it killed my appetite. I went from 230-170 in a few months. I completely lost the urge to eat at all. My sex drive also took a huge dive.i didn't even think about sex. I stopped the medication and my sex drive also wanting to eat again returned.
32: Works better than any other antidepressant drug I have taken and that has been many
33: I tried several antidepressants before cymbalta and had severe side effects on all.  Cymbalta has been the only drug to help me and also has worked for my father and sister.  I does however, make me very tired at times.  Otherwise, I have had very little in the way of side effects.  Make sure you do not miss any doses because coming off of it is hard.
34: I only took one and I feel as I were outside my body I cave eat and I’m confused
35: I have started this Med 1 week ago. My pain has tripled since starting this. Is this a side effect of the drug?? I'm afraid to take another one today, as I'm supposed to up the dose. Help
36: works v. the depression, but awake at nights with pains in my hands and very scary episodes trying to get off the drug. Overall, try something else. Take care when reducing/ending medication. Use close doctor supervision.
37: Here is my experience with one dose of 30 mg Dulexetine DR:  

Me:  Take single pill in morning.  

Dulexetine:  Hey, bro, heard you have anxiety?

Me:  Yeah, sadly I do.  

Dulexetine:  Don't worry.  I'll help.  

Me:  Really.  

Dulexetine:  Yeah.  Hehehe.  

Me:  Umm, what's the laughter for.  

Dulexetine:  Oh...just wait...

Me:  Waits an hour.  

Dulexetine:  Brings down an immediate torrent of badness.  Severed anxiety, nausea, diarrhea, dizziness.  

Me:  Oh, god, what are you doing?  

Dulexetine:  Hehehe, your doctor told you to take me, right? 

Me:  ...yeah?

Dulexetine:  Just hang in there.  It will be alright.  

Me:  *Experiences 5 hours of pure hell.*

Dulexetine:  I've got some more for you.  

Me:  Oh, oh, gods, please...be something nice.  

Dulexetine:  Lulz  *Destroys appetite alongside endless waves of nausea and severe universal discomfort.*

Me:  Gaaahhh!

Dulexetine:  And, guess what?  

Me:  Shaking in anxiety and crying..."What?"

Dulexetine:  I'm delayed release.  I'll be doing this all night, in continuous waves...hour after hour after hour.  Sweet Dreams.  

Me:  Loses ability to sleep.  Suffering unlike I have ever personally suffered before.  Like seriously, COVID gave me a 104 fever, and that was more fun than this.  

Dulexetine:  *The next day.*  Hey, buddy, how do you feel.  

Me:  I hate you!  

Dulexetine:  It's time to take me again!  

Me:  ...um, exactly, 100%, no.  Never!   

*Time passes*

Dulexetine:  How do you feel now.  

Me:  Good, now that you're leaving my system you toxic jerk.  

Dulexetine:  But...I did my job, didn't I?

Me:  Umm, what do you mean?  

Dulexetine:  All those other things you were anxious about...they don't seem so bad do they...next to me?  

Me:  Oh, yeah, is...is that how you work?  OMG!

Dulexetine:  Yes.  Read More Read Less
38: OK but not helping with sleep as much these days.
39: Been wanting to come off this med but so many side effects. Put on nearly 30lbs in weight plus suffer sweats.
40: Duloxetine is by far the worst medicine I’ve taken.  First I experienced major hair loss and then I broke out with hives and welts all over by body and had severe itching.  Never take it again.
41: I am very happy with the decreased pain in my feet. I have been on 30 mg a day and have experienced side effects. I have started having some tremors in my hands and I have had a number of sleepless nights. The side effects seem to be less now that I have been taking for more then a month.
42: Okay so I've left so many reviews on Google maps but never about medication. I have honestly been on 32 pills a day due to studies on how things work with what kinda injuries you may had suffer. Now on that note every person is different as is their injury. I have been through so many withdrawals and not having this pill for 2 days off ABSOLUTELY the worst!!! Especially when your just a patient, a labrat basically to say until something they find works. Don't get me wrong this medication works for some and not for others. I'm that other but regardless every man made prescribed & not prescribed medication/ drug will alter your mind and cause the most unusual feelings in your head, throughout your body & make you feel like you want to die. Don't get me wrong it isn't everyday for the rest of your life but if this medication doesn't work... Guess what? The doctor doesn't have to go through what you do. It's just unfair but isn't life unfair too?Read More Read Less
43: It seems to help with my pain and seems to help me sleep better to.
44: Pros: Cured my pain

Con: I felt like a zombie in my own body
        Stopped eating/ messed up stomach
        Cluster headaches
        Very dizzy

I stopped it last night after just 3 days. It was a shame because it worked for the pain, but it wasn’t worth the risk!
45: I was on Cymbalta for 2 years it was a life saver for depression and nerve pain, my insurance put me on generic  about a month ago, and it doesn't work as good as the Cymbalta I am depressed again, losing weight(don't want to eat) and have more nerve pain. I don't know what to do, can't afford to pay full price for Cymbalta.
46: I suffer from bipolar disorder II, adhd, and fibromyalgia. I take 15 grains, not grams, but individual grains in the morning and 15 grains at night, 12 hours apart. I also take Vimergy MTHR which is a folate and a b12. I also take lemon balm and cat's claw. The duloxetine at this level has helped me so much with the depression. I take such a small amount due to the fact that my provider wanted me to make sure it wouldn't flip me into mania. It doesn't and it has taken me out of one of the worst depressions I have ever had last fall and I continue to not have depression. I have to take it 12 hours apart because it will start to wear off so I have to be sure to take it. It takes away my body pain and depression. Doctors always raise and eyebrow when they find out that I am taking such a small amount but for me it works, and I need to take it. Everyone is different
47: After taking only 3 doses of this drug, my osteoarthritis and Morton's Neuroma pain have diminished by 80%. I did experience the published shallowness of breath and somewhat lightheadedness after the first 2 doses, but by the 3rd dose this has been minimal.
48: Much benefit to relieve my symptoms of irritability and moodiness which are symptoms of my level of depression as well as generalized anxiety disorder.  Excellent relief of each above symptom from Cymbalta.  There might be a downside for me in that just 2 months after taking the medication I noticed that my blood pressure increased from 135/82 to 170/95.  Although the randomized clinical trials I researched do not show such a severe increase in BP I will be tapering my dose from 40 to 20 then, likely, to 0 mg/day to see if I can rule out the BP adverse event.  I have been on paxil and lexapro prior to cymbalta.  They each stalled out on me after about 12 months of use.  Read More Read Less
49: Took Zoloft for yrs... it got to where it did not work, doc put me on Cymbalta (Duloxetine)and within days I felt SO much better!  Especially after a week or so, I felt 1000% better!  If you can take this drug, it is wonderful !  I have not had any side effects except maybe a little sweating during the night, but that might be from the onset of menopause, not sure, anyway, small thing to have to deal with considering the benefits of this med. I strongly recommend it! I have fibromyalgia and depression.... and it works wonders for me !  Best of luck and God Bless ! Read More Read Less
50: I suffered for two years of muscle and bone pain with no good medical answers.  Our GP suggested Duloxetine but I said no since it was primarily for depression.  Six more months of pain caused me to take the pill.  Two weeks later, I am pain free.  Unbelievable.  Terrific results with no known side affects.  Three cheers for our GPâ??s knowledge!
51: Pro: Significant reduction of neuropathic pain, stabilized physiological functioning, reduced compulsatory thoughts and behaviors, improved sense of well-being, and suppressed appetite.

Cons: Sporadic euphoria and intense withdrawal effects (dizziness, nausea, and headache) with one missed dose.
52: Gained weight and noticed no difference in taking
53: I've been taking this medication for two months and the improvement in my mood, level of pain, sleep, etc. has been amazing. I dread coming off of it as I see that withdrawal symptoms are terrible. I couldn't get off 20 mg. of Prozac without serious symptoms. Even knowing that there will be hell to pay if I have to come off of this, I feel so much better I am taking that risk. I hope it doesn't stop working.
54: Rx for Fibromyalgia. Caused severe sweating, intestinal cramps,tiredness.
55: I was prescribed Cymbalta (Dytrex equivalent) a couple of years ago for my Rheumatoid Arthritis ( in conjunction with another medication for my RA).  My Doctor said that Cymbalta is a very safe drug with very little side-effects; he didn’t mention anything about the withdrawal side-effects (I’m not sure if he really even knew the full extent of the withdrawal symptoms).  Now, in 2022, my Arthritis is under control so I am happy to gradually wean off the Cymbalta.  A couple of weeks into weaning off this medication, I was already going through hell, and I haven’t even taken it for a long period like some of the poor people who have commented in the last few years.  I suffered from constant diarrhoea, nausea, dizziness, brain-zaps, sleeping problems.  A few months further on into weaning off the Cymbalta, things were starting to get worse - I was getting constant ‘Hyperhidrosis’ (severe sweating of the heels, palms, underarms) - to the point that I was losing a lot of electrolytes in my body, and went to Emergency because I didn’t know what was wrong with me and why I wasn’t feeling better (I also had a viral cold at the same time, to complicate things more); I also realised that I was getting serious ‘Anxiety attacks’.  As a normal thing, I just get a ‘little’ bit of anxiety at times, but Cymbalta has made everything so bad!  I get anxiety attacks especially at night when I’m alone, I feel so scared to be alone by myself, I suddenly have an uncontrollable fear of death, fear of everything that threatens my safety and my life, I can’t even explain why I fear, I just feel that I fear, without even knowing what exactly it is that I fear,  things are just so literally crazy!  I don’t feel like I am myself, my head always feels so cloudy, unclear, fuzzy; I feel a deep sense of hopelessness, depression, lacking motivation in doing anything, even the things that I use to enjoy doing before;  I have memory loss, I use to be a very alert and switched-on type of person, now not anymore.  I feel my life has been ruined, and my good future has been prematurely taken away from me.  I don’t know if this anxiety attack will ever go away entirely, I don’t know if I will ever have a normal life like I did pre-Cymbalta.  I pray for all those who have and will suffer from this drug, and can only hope that eventually the withdrawal effects may miraculously taper off.  If I knew how bad the withdrawal side-effects were, I would ‘NEVER’ have taken Cymbalta, I would have tried some other drug for my RA.  The withdrawal symptoms are so bad that it’s not worth taking Cymbalta because in the process you will gain more serious problems, some of them may even last for a long time, whether they may be permanent, I do not know.  It is my hope, for the sake of us all, that they are not permanent withdrawal effects, such as my very scary and debilitating and paralysing ‘anxiety attacks’.  May we all help and support each other through this hellish journey.
Read More Read Less
56: recently, I feel more sleepy
57: Escalated blood pressure
58: I took one pill and within an hour I could 
Barely move.  Frightening experience 
 I called pharmacist and doctor and was told
It takes two weeks to get in my system.
I don’t care what they said i felt it could kill me.
59: I have been on several medications for Depression, but Cymbalta has worked for me. Some of the other drugs made me suicidal and just didn't work. Cymbalta has saved my life. I reviewed the Drug side effects and I am lucky to not have any problems with Cymbalta. This drug works great for me. i have been taking it now for 7 years.
60: My co-pay went from $60 per month to $600+++ for brand Cymbalta. The generic (recently available) is now $500+++. The only closely related drug is VENLAFAXINE. Does anyone have experience with a good substitute for Cymbalta? It worked wonderfully for me. Had to go to 90mg in 2013, but no harmful side effects.
61: I have been on this drug for 3 years on the max dose of 120 for depression, EUPD, PTSD, schizotypal personality disorder, I'm currently on about 36 pills a day and still feel suicidal
62: I started taking this medication due to experiencing severe depression panic attacks and generally unstable mood. To that end, the medication is effective. Even to the point where I do not cry under circumstances it probably should happen. My experiences with side effects have been drowsiness, increased metabolism, absolutely no sex drive, and dehydration. If I forget to take a dose (which does not happen often) I cannot concentrate, am extremely short-tempered and when I finally take the next dose I often have diarrhea
63: Gave me suicidal thoughts, increased depression
64: This I only tried the doctor that gave it to me is a I just don't have the word. Anyway stay away from this drug, it is only something to mess with your brain,  I have bad nerves but there's no need to mess with my mind.
65: This has given me my joy in life back.  Chronic nerve and musculoskeletal pain for 20 years. This has taken my pain levels from daily 3-7 to 1-3.  I want to do things again instead of going through the motions.  Had to stick with it with some uncomfortable side effects that did go away after about a month.   I never want to go off this.  Works much better than the meloxicam I took for years.  Although I was apprehensive to go on this medication, I now thank my neurologist for having me try it.
66: While it did help greatly with my depression and anxiety. It caused muscle stiffness, sexual dysfunction and inability to have restful sleep. It also caused confusion and nervousness.
67: I have tried so many other things during my life to try to get my depression under control. This is the only medication that has ever helped me. I call it my miracle drug, and that is an understatement. I have been taking this for over three years now and I am grateful everyday that there is something that helps me.
68: BAD DRUG. This caused Central Nervous System Depression for me. If I were the sort of person who waited for a doctor to tell me when to stop taking a medication, I would be dead.
69: i noticed no change in pain or muscle spasms
70: I started on name brand Cymbalta over 10 years ago for fibromyalgia and depression. It has worked wonderfully & gave me my life back. Even though I experience dry mouth & underarm sweating from it. For me, these side effects are nothing compared to fibromyalgia pain. 
However, when it came out in generic form I started to experience extreme side effects. My experience over all these years is that not all generic duloxetine are the same. I can take duloxetine 60 mg. from manufacturers Lupin and Bluepoint. I get extremely sick & have adverse reactions from generic manufacturers Camber & Breckenridge. Be warned, not all generic duloxetine will work the same in your body. I communicated this info with my pharmacist so he has it documented not to fill my script with the manufacturers Camber or Breckenridge
71: I was accidently overdosed then abruptly cut off of this drug. I hallucinated. Badly. I tried to kill myself and ended up in jail for 6 months. I didn't even know who I was for 6 to 8 weeks, then slowly I leaned why I was there. I was charged with 3 counts of attempted murder because I tried to set myself on fire to kill the mechanical spider hiding on my person somewhere. My children saved my life, but when they told the truth about what really happened, the police turned it into 3 counts of attempted murder. I've been told I can never stop taking it. I get brain zaps daily until my daily dose kicks in, it's like some kind of weird alarm alerting me that I haven't taken my duloxetine today. When I lay down at night to sleep, I go through these hypnic jerks that startle me awake. Never start taking this medicine. Seek out alternatives.Read More Read Less
72: Taken for severe deppression, and chronic pain, 60mg once a day, suicidel thoughts stopped within a few days mood lifted, felt happy for first time in months, can't sleep at night, no appetite, increased bowel movement, but that i can cope with, im glad my Dr prscribed them for me, I feel I can cope with life again.
73: terrible
74: I heard of this med on TV, what a mistake! I does nothing for my pain, I cant forget one or I have electric shocks going thru my brain! I shake, this needs off the marked FAST
75: Brand (Lilly) had been better at treating depression related to pain, 30 mg twice per day. Generic (Teva) doesn't seem to manage my depression as well, but Lilly has increased their pricing so I had to switch. Overall, Cymbalta, was prescribed as a dual purpose medication and it's effective enough to deal with both.
76: I've been taking for 2 months. Dr. put me on it when I started having (non-diabetic) neuropathy pain in my hands.  It has actually increased my pain!  My migraines have also increased since starting it. :(
77: I wish I knew about duloxetine  earlier.  This medication actually works. 
I feel calm, the chatter has stopped, suicide thoughts are gone.
Into week three now and I am actually starting to feel happier within myself.
I am no longer short tempered, cranky.

I  so happy I came across duloxetine....
78: I have chronic anxiety and the combination works great for me,
79: Within 4 hours of the 1st dose I experienced unusual chemical like smell followed by moderated to severe abdominal pain, vision became blurred, dizziness and muscle tremor's. 2 hours later explosive foamy diarrhea, profound spacial disorientation (could not judge distances in a room), tunnel like vision, agitation and anxiety.    After 12 hour's and multiple trip's to the bathroom, I finally started feeling less shaky, abdominal pain subsided to discomfort, vision began to clear up and diarrhea subsided.     I have no desire to try it again since initial dose was only 30mg.Read More Read Less
80: I was terrified to take this medication after reading the bad reviews. I’m so happy that I did. The first week I felt “high” as if I had taken cold medication. Terrible diarrhea and hot and cold chills. Although they were very frustrating none of the side effects were bad enough that I couldn’t make my way to work. I take 30mg at night before bed (with a gaba/melatonin/magnesium supplement and I have no problems sleeping at all. Come morning I feel a little tired still but nothing I can’t deal with. I for sure wouldn’t be able to take this medication during the day. Haven’t noticed any sexual side effects yet. Within a couple of days of taking this medication my anxiety and depression have almost completely gone. It has been an absolute life saver for me. About a week and a half after starting the medication I started to develop a rash on my face and neck. Unsure if the rash was related I stopped taking the medication for two days. It went away. I’ve been back on them for about a week and it hasn’t come back yet. I highly recommend this drug. I had tried so many other things and had such bad reactions but this drug literally saved my life
81: Taking duloxetine for arthritic low back pain. Did a great job of reducing nerve pain, not tototally but close. Problem is it also stopped my ability to ejaculate.
82: I have been on Cymbalta with success for 4 years started generic about a month ago, I am so anxious all the time muscles are tight cannot get over that anxious feeling also started smoking again after 2.5 years without.
83: I have suffered from Premenstrual Dysphoric Disorder since I was 13-14 years old and I'm now 32. It's gotten severely debilitating over the years and I have ran the gamut trying to find a medication to help me. Citalopram did not stop the rage so I was put on 30 mg because I'm very petite initially and that did very little. My Dr. Upped it 60 mg and I have never been so calm, free of SEVERE anxiety, rage, suicidal ideations, depression, and tears this close to my menstrual cycle. I still feel some mild physical pain, but it is bearable and if I take an antihistamine with it, it's almost nearly gone. It changed my life and for that I am forever grateful! I want to hug the inventor of this medication!! It does leave a tad fatigued, but that may be a part of my disorder still because fatigue is a major symptom. The pill has a slightly funny taste, but all of this is WAY more than worth it in my book to feel normal.Read More Read Less
84: Took one pill and within half hour the diarrhea started, migraine, muscle pain. I got ulcers all over my tongue by midafternoon. The diarrhea did not stop and got so bad; it threw me into dehydration. I was like this for three days. Could not think straight, blurred vision, chills. For me this drug was a horrible experience. The pill was tan so I figured I could take it, but I am allergic to blue dye. There is blue dye #1 in the pill and blue dye #1 in the coating. I always have to ck the pills for color allergic to blue dye in medicine. I had the pharmacist ck the pill for color and it was tan so we thought I could take it. WRONG!!!  It has taken me over 6 days to get it out of my system. NEVER again. I have bad pain from knee surgery from almost a year ago and that is why pain mgt suggested it. Glad it works for other but certainly not for me
85: Been on this generic cymbalta for 3 months, pain is back. This generic does not work for me!!!!!!
86: This medication makes me very sleepy even on the 20 mg dose, I have begun to dump approxiamately 1/2 of the beads from the capsule. This seems to help. Wish there was a 10 or 15 mg strength.
87: i have had neck pain for several years and abnornmal sweating if i take this drug i feel much better, but i take the lowest dose you can.
88: I am 5 weeks into taking this medication and noticed a significant difference within the first 2 days. I slipped and fell 9 months ago and  been dealing with a herniated disc, multiple annular tears, and a pats defect fracture everyday since. IÃ¢Â?Â?ve never been depressed in my life until about 6 months ago when I realized how long the recovery would be and how much ithe one fall turned my entire life upside down. I was crying daily (sometimes multiple times) and started havingsevere and uncontrollable anxiety everyday. I was also in chronic pain all through my spine and right side of my body. This medication Is literally saving me right now. My mood has improved and I have only had a few breakdowns (crying episodes), which have all been triggered by me seeing my now ex partner (he ended things with me a few months ago after many years). So - this medicine is great! Only side effects seem to be loss of appetite and also more prone to bruising (I have always been - but now is worse). No loss of sexual drive, no drowsiness, and no loss of focus or energy. My mind feels more clear than it has in a long time
89: Upon switching from Cymbalta to Duloxetine, I have started experiencing more pain and depression than when taking Cymbalta.
90: I take 60mg once a day for neuropathy in my feet.  It does help that however we found it also helps with keep me calm.  Have been on for at least 8 years. Have tried coming off but I can not sleep.  If I miss a dose I can't sleep. I am now taking the generic which is so much more affordable. Not sure if generic is as good but I can afford it.
91: It took a while for me to notice, but it started helping with my pain. I don't rely so heavily on my other pain meds now.
92: took 1 tablet.next day very poorly for three days.with nausea,almost fainted one day.was vomiting the next.very tight throat.felt very ill.short breaths.enough to put me off taking any tablets again
93: This medicine has greatly reduced my head and neck pain. This had progressed to a chronic daily headache at the base of my skull.
94: Duloxetine helps controlling loose motion.
95: This drug after 6+ years of taking sertraline hasn't done anything but made me more paranoid and very emotional. Also am dealing with a bout of PTSD and sleep problems. I have a hard time finding a way to take care of my problems without risking my life.
96: Some light headiness, dizziness and GI problems.
97: Very "foggy" head mood did improve although motivation lacking
98: My doctor gave me this for chronic pain in my lower back, I only took it a week before experiencing ridiculous side effects. This drug effected my libido, mood and did nothing for pain. I feel sorry for anyone who takes this poison!
99: I was only taking 30mg once a day.  Was told I could take it as long as I wanted.  Was told it was for pain?   Well I have tried to wean myself off.  First every other day for about 3 months.  Then once every two days for about 2 weeks.  Then quit.  God its been very scary.  Its like my brain is shorting and snapping sometimes all day, dizzy, diarehra, went from sleeping very hard, to sleepless, bizarre.  I will never take this stuff again!
100: After approx. 1 wk on Cymbalta, major episode of rt. hand swelling twice the size, fingers w/ no feeling, brown/red/blue "leather-looking" skin with a large, pulsating lump that appeared in the center of the hand, stretching the skin as it grew before my eyes within 10 minutes! A very dangerous drug with 35+ side effects that people don't know about unless they search to find real-life experiences & studies done not only in the U.S., but other countries. This lasted 2-1/2 wks; there are reported experiences of swelling of the THROAT in which you must get medical attention immediately--I was "lucky" & immediately stopped using. People should always research (on sites other than the drug's site) all possible side effects & consider asking for something far less invasive. My hand literally looked like a monkey's paw & was Not Usable for weeks. I still do not see this particular reporting in the advertisement literature--just "swelling." That is an understatement. Be your own best advocate so you will lower the incidence of some of these frightening results. Many of the anti-depressant drugs/anxiety stay in your system even after you stop. Take time to read what other people have experienced & less on "a few people experienced..." in ads. I had no prior history of anything of this nature, so it can happen to anyone. There are many excellent drugs (older drugs) that work much better under supervision. Thank you.Read More Read Less
101: I am a late-30s female who was put on 30mg generic duloxetine during a hospital stay for disabling pain (along with anxiety/depression). A follow-up with a rheumatologist quickly resulted in a fibromyalgia diagnosis and increase to 60mg duloxetine (also meloxicam for pain, tramadol for sleep, and klonopin for anxiety). I slowly improved with physical therapy in addition to the meds. After about 5 months I had weaned off the Rx meds except for duloxetine (60mg daily) and meloxicam (as-needed). At this point I am experiencing some troublesome side effects from the duloxetine - mainly increased insomnia (lorazepam a couple times a week helps) and severe episodes of constipation. Also, changes in hair growth and difficulty w/ orgasm. I will be slowly reducing (but not stopping) my dosage to try to reduce side effects while maintaining the gains I've made. The plan is to reduce to 50mg, then 40mg and even 30mg if necessary.  BOTTOM LINE: While this is not a miracle drug for fibromyalgia, it has certainly played a part in my recovery. Benefits vs. side effects should be closely monitored by the individual (in concert with advice from their docs) to achieve an optimal balance that the individual can live with. Best wishes to all of you dealing with these difficult issues.Read More Read Less
102: I warn any friend/family who is considering medication for depression and anxiety, DO NOT take!!! DO YOUR RESEARCH FIRST! Learn from our mistakes… 

This drug, almost ruined my life, my marriage, my parenting, my sanity.. the list goes on.. I was stranger in my own body.  
Very close to a psychotic break down. I look back at my journaling during this time and don’t even recognize myself.. horrific. 

I had zero emotion, I did not even care what my kids were doing- and I am the usual helicopter parent normally.. that is when I knew, this med is no good.. NOTHING would upset me, I could not cry no matter how hard I tried. Numb. 

Withdrawal side effects were horrendous. Fought through. Breaking capsules open daily and counting the little beads out- less beads each day and I was able to be successfully taken off. I am now back on my trusted Fluoxetine! 

DO NOT TAKE!!!!!Read More Read Less
103: Wonder drug… I’m an AF vet diagnosed with depression, GAD, and OA from 20+ years in service. For years in the military I dealt with severe anxiety and panic, but never received help because there were no avenues for assistance without the very high potential to be medical terminated from service. That said, when I retired I finally received help and was prescribed duloxetine - Within two weeks the anxiety and panic were nearly completely gone. I’ve been on it for an about 1.5 years (60 mg), and it has allowed me to fully function without rage and anger. I had very minimal side effects… Just loss of appetite for about a month, but it went away. Needless to say, duloxetine has significantly helped me.Read More Read Less
104: was prescribed 60mg. suffered with chronic arthritis pain for about 8 years. i reached the point, where the pain effected my happiness. I am usually a funny, happy guy and I hit rock bottom. I was hesitant to take any anti depressant but I hit a wall and was willing to give it a try. for myself, it was a miracle drugs. my pain's went from a 10/10 pain level to a 2/10 within a week. I never thought, I would feel so good. I have been on it for about a year now. I was just recently diagnosed with with Stage 3 Kidney Failure. I am still okay but I need to keep monitoring my kidney function. I am not sure if this med had anything to do with that as they just diagnosed me with this. anyway, I am grateful for the med
105: Currently 4am and 3rd day of being weaned off Duloxetine. Been on it for Fibro. Just gave in and took one! It's absolute hell coming off this drug! I have been on it for years! Can't deny it helps mentally also for recent Diabetic Neuropathy( I think). Never felt so mentally and physically sick in my life! Don't go on this unless you really have to. It's impossible to come off!
106: I have tried the same ajanta duloxitine about a year ago and it didn't work at all as well as having the sexual side effect of not being able to climax. My pharmacy ran out of the lupin made ones and gave me the all blue ajanta ones. I was prepared to have the same effect as before. To my surprise they must have improved the negative side effects! Immediately I notice that I felt happier. Even stopped sweating do much. I was able to have a prolonged orgasm that felt like a warming sensation in my uterus. It was amazing! I am very impressed with them. Tweaking with the formula is Working for me. I hope others have the same experience
107: I have been taking this drug several months for RSD, regional pain syndrome, due to a broken wrist last April. The nerve pain in the wrist has significantly decreased but I find myself very sleepy in the daytime and difficulty sleeping at night. Also, cotton mouth and very thirsty. Overall, I believe it to be effective.
108: i have been put on them for fibromyalgia and reynauds i dont know what they r to help me with my sleep is i think interrupted by them i am not sure but i cannot sleep any ideas would be great thanku
109: I had a potential reaction to this drug!  My blood pressure was in the 190's and above after ten days...in the hospital with 214/111 on the 14th day!
110: this drug did not help me at all, 10kg weight gain and did nothing for pain, been 2 years and i cannot remove the 10kg , tried every diet and even a water diet for 1 week, dont use this drug it is not worth it.
111: I only made it 3 days on this one before I stopped. Just didn't work well with me side effect wise. I will say I felt a difference. My thoughts were still crazy but the emotions behind them were gone so that was a big help 
 Since the first time taking it within 2 hours, and it (never went away) I was nauseated, uneasy, and stomach was messed up. I kept taking them but it just never stopped. On day 3 I was experiencing hot flashes and chills in top of it all and then my legs started hurting so bad where I had to continuously move them for relief. I couldn't make it through. Body just didn't do well with it.  Read More Read Less
112: Causes  confusion , forget what your doing, dizzy feeling all the time, dry mouth ,can not remember anything , not able to recall almost anything, and hands shacking . Almost impossible to stop taking, you crave one pill to take to stop the pain if you try to quit ! This should be against the law to take for anyone. When you stop taking this medication the pain level get like 60 time worse than ever ! Makes you feel like a zombie !
113: I have both lower back pain from a herniated disc and major depression. My doctor felt this drug would address both concerns, and it has addressed both. However, I've experienced some uncomfortable side effects including unusual sweating, drowsiness, some trouble urinating, sexual dysfunctions (erection
114: I had been taking zoloft for anxiety, stress, tension. When I saw that cymbalta had went generic, I asked doctor for generic/duloxetine. I noticed almost immediately the difference. My bedtime, sleepiness changed from going to bed/sleep around 10 PM to now 11 to 12 PM. Also feel as if it has helped my constant pain to a degree. Worked for my needs.
115: taking 90mg daily has given me a sore mouth and throat but otherwise well and fully functioning,better than the 3 years on lithium
116: Please don’t be put off trying this medication by all the bad reviews. I’ve had chronic generalised anxiety and panic disorder all my adult life, and I’ve tried every ssri and also venlafaxine xr. This is the first drug I’ve tried that has not only helped massively but I don’t have any horrible side effects from. It’s literally saved my life. I still have slight anxiety but it’s manageable, and I don’t panic anymore. I actually feel I can live my life and feel normal now. It’s also the only drug that has given me a sort of sex drive back and normal orgasms again. Please don’t be afraid to try it. It’s worked amazingly for me. I wouldn’t be without it. Give it time, starting any new medication can be a bit rough, but it’s honestly a miracle worker
117: I've been on at least 10 different meds, this one has made life so much easier for me and I no longer suffer from Depression. It hasn't changed my libido/orgasm at all thankfully like some other drugs have before! It also helps with my migraines which run in my family and make them much less frequent.

However I give this a Good Satisfaction Rating because missing a few days (starts at 2-3 days) I experience Brain Zaps and they are very debilitating so I know withdrawing would be hard.
118: This med has transformed my life, with benefits greater than anything else prescribed to me in terms of reducing pain and improving how I feel. Most especially, my level of alertness. A wonder drug. I have never felt better.
119: less side effects tne other Anti Dep.  Much less Sexual side effects like Celexa Pain Meds of Opiates have been eleminated and now take Tramadol as a pIN MED   or Prozac. Chronic Neck Fusion and Cervical Fusion pain reduced and
120: Taking 30 mg a day for depression and to help relieve  chronic pain from degenerative disc.  Works great.  Takes about 3 weeks before the benefits are fully realized but you can feel the difference within the first day.  Slight nausea and sweating sometimes, and it reduces the satisfaction/intensity of orgasms but has not reduced my libido since once you are generally feeling better, your libido should increase anyway.
121: I literally took these for 3 days 60mg a day I could not lift my head I was so week my kidneys really hurt the brain fog was horrendous and my scalp started to get blistering sores hp advised it wasn't from these medication but there the only new meds I had been giving for depression 3 days of them and I feel brand new and had to be giving anti bionics for my scalp
122: Use to take Cymbalta and felt like a new person. Do to insurance started taking Duloxitine and now I have cramps in legs, neuropathy in feet worse(now I have burning, more numbness), and my fingers are hurting and cramping and never did prior.  I am thinking the extra $ might be worth it for the REAL thing-CYMBALTA
123: All this medication did was give me erectile dysfunction & numb my genitals.
124: Using as a off-label rx for arthritis pain.  Withdrawal symptoms can be nasty, so consult with your Dr. first.  Causes me to clench my jaw and grind my teeth, but is somewhat effective in relieving some pain.
125: I get terrible panic attacks that can last for hours. I would rather have another motorcycle accident than go through a panic attack.  My doctor put me on a 20mg, which is a small dose, and the attacks stopped immediately.  Talk about a happy camper.  My doctor has no plan to increase the dosage.
126: I suffer from osteoarthritis and major depressive disorder.  After 11years on paxil, and having read the possible benefit of pain reduction, I asked doctor about changing.  I stepped down from Paxil, while starting duloxetine on small dose then increasing as Paxil was phased out.  It's like night and day!  My depression is no longer controlling my life!  I don't think there is any difference in pain control, but I hate to think how bad it would be without it.  I believe my body had become immune to or adjusted to the Paxil so much that it was no longer effective. Other than some sweating at night, I have no side effects.  I am a content person now and no longer dread social situations.Read More Read Less
127: Cymbalta has worked great for me but I just got the generic.  Depression is controlled but already hurting.  Generic doesn't seem to be helping with pain like the Cymbalta did.  Anybody else having this experience???
128: After trying Paxil and Effexor for chronic depression, a psychiatrist changed my diagnosis to major depressive disorder with anxiety.  She prescribed Duloxetine which I have taken for at least 8 years.  It has been the most effective medication to date. With the help of a clinical psychologist there are only 2 months per year that I consider low periods.  I will revisit my therapist before those months. I have been in and out of psychological therapy and psychiatric care for 20 years.  I would like to tell others to not give up or be satisfied with minimal quality of life. I worked with 3 other psychologists before I worked with my current one.  Only one of those psychologists was not a good match. The other two had to give up practicing for health reasons.  We moved to another city, but I am close enough to see the therapist I have worked with for about 10 years. I only see her when I need a fine tuning. I am currently looking for a new psychiatrist in the city where we live because my previous doctor retired.  Read More Read Less
129: For a very long time I have had severe upper back pain. A burning pain . The first day of taking  this med. I got immediate relief. So thankful.
130: Almost immediate freedom from pain and anxiety. However, the drug was given in combination with Alprazolam and Tramadol. After three days, my wife saw me unconscious,  foaming at the mouth and with white eyes. She  called 911 and I went to the ER. I have no recall of any of this. Hospitalized for four days. I was told that I was near death.
131: I used to take benzodiazepines
That’s diazepam temazepam and lorazepam For short term help it’s ok But the withdrawal from long term use is horrendous a real conscious nightmare So treat this drug with great caution
132: My legs and feet were hurting alot. I started taking it and the pain went away.
133: I started to take Duloxetine 20mg for neuropathic nerve pain for about two months and so it worked fairly well. Then my mPCP suggested that I try 30 mg and my digestive system completely shut down and it caused chronic constipation. Plus it made me pee a gallon at night and my skin especially on my face felt like concrete. So I  stopped it.
134: Have started on 30mg for pain related to muscle necrosis, and it doesn't work for me at all. The first week I was feeling constantly nauseous, could barely eat and had severe diarrhoea. It made me constantly shake and sweat profusely. My doctor wants to increase the dose to 60mg and i have had to say no. This medication is AWFUL
135: First week I wouldn’t recommend sitting idle during wake hours of the day. Would make me a little sleepy. After week one I noticed a difference in my anxiety and irritability. Mild weight gain. Weight gain stopped with higher dose.
136: Idiopathic PN in feet and radiculopathy (nerve pain and stiffness in legs) due to serious L5-S1 nerve impingement. Got hard walking. No depression or anxiety.  Only 4th day. Very woozy during day and a bit amped and hard to sleep at night. Taking it in the evening. PN and radiculopathy condition seem to be improving. No significant side effects yet, maybe a touch of constipation.  Has anyone tried medical MJ tincture in the evening to neutralize evening head buzz?
137: My depression has approved. I'm not crying any longer because of my depression. I'm a must happier person.
138: I took this medicine for 2 Months and hasn't helped me at all. I am still in extreme pain. I have nephropathy and osteoarthritis and this hasn't helped me at all!
139: I switched from a different medication to duloxetine about six months ago. I had a terrible transition process and ended up in the emergency room due to the severe side effects. I have gone from 30 mg to 60 mg and tried light therapy, but I have never found real effectiveness from duloxetine. The negative effects outweigh any benefit.
140: I would not recommend this to anyone. Felt nauseated with a fowl taste in my mouth. Could not sleep and had a headache. Upon reading more about the drug taking ibuprofen with it is not advisable. Also if you suffer from migraines it states that sumatriptan should not be taken with it either. I wish I would have read the reviews before taking this drug. After reading more about it I would I feel that my doctor should have not prescribed this to me. I only took one pill.
141: I went to 120mg for nerve pain, it worked well but I did still need pain killers too.

My weight gain was extreme! I am the biggest I have ever been, bmi is over 43!!! Talking with drs this is quite common, fearing for my health I decided to come off them.... This was NOT easy!!!

Withdrawals were awful, anger like I've never experienced in my life, feeling suicidal which I've not felt before, feelings of palpitations and tremors, don't just stop this medication and do a very slow taper. I don't feel I know who I am anymore all thanks to this drugRead More Read Less
142: I used to take escitalopram and pregabalin but cannot take them anymore because they interact with my ivabradine heart medication. My psychiatrist prescribed duloxetine for depression and PTSD. It was absolutely horrible. The first time I took it I threw up. Then the next day I was nauseous all day, could not eat, I was fatigued and after about 15 hours since taking it, I started to feel drugged up, I was confused, could not speak or think. I only took it for 3 days, it was horrendous and my body could not tolerate it. Quit cold turkey, 3 days later I am very agitated and angry all the time. Started taking 20mg Paroxetine, hopefully that will be fine, the side effects are minuscule so far compared to how bad duloxetine was
143: Most effective drug for relief of my 30 years of depression.Had to take .25mg xanax for a couple of weeks with meds .nice side effect is my arthritis pain of fingers totally gone!!!
144: Taking med for severe osteoarthritis which had almost had me crippled. I was not able to walk due to hip, foot and back pain for more than a few minutes. I had to use a cane to get around. Within two days of taking med I was like a new person. It was almost like someone had flipped a switch to turn off most of my pain.
145: Fortunately no issues when I went from Cymbalta to generic 60mg.  Have suffered from general anxiety disorder for over 10 years and have been on this for 6-7. I am thankful it works - no plans to discontinue but I will say the brain zaps are uncomfortable/disconcerting when I forget to take it.
146: Horrible medication.  Do Not Take.  Terrible side effects.  Psychotic break.
Had to be adm to behavioral health unit.  This med should not be prescribed to anyone.
It should be taken off the market. Some  Doctors do not read the side effects and interactions of drugs…
147: After taking Cymbalta for about 2 years it went to generic. I started feeling terrible within 3 weeks of starting generic. It does not work as well but my insurance will not cover the brand name.
148: cloudy head and sexual side effects are not worth it
149: The medicine works great, but I've noticed that if I miss a dose, by late morning/early afternoon, I will start getting this whooshing feeling in my ears. Within a couple of hours of making up the dose, the feeling will stop. Has anyone else noticed that?
150: I have used every narcotic and pain treatment there is and nothing helped my chronic spinal stenosis.  I started on Cymbalta and I have not had pain in 4 years and can walk around like normal.
151: On this medication about 4 years. At first made me a little thirsty. Then as the body gets used to it would go away.not making my symptoms of anxiety and depression completely go away but it does makes me feel better.
152: I could barely walk the pain was intense! One day after starting this medicine my feet felt so much better! I can walk again without the pain associated with my neuropathy.
153: I was on Cymbalta for the last two years. I was switched to the generic about 6 weeks ago and the anxiety and the depression have returned.
154: Having been on Cymbalta which worked great, but I'm really concerned about this generic version.  I've had constant bladder burning, two bacterial vaginal infections, now on yeast because of that.  I'm just wondering if this is going to work for me.  The difference in cost is unreal, but does it have side effects?  I also have Intersitial Cystitis.
155: A lot of side effects. Blurry vision was worse than the others.
156: I had taken Cymbalta for 6 years for fibromyalgia pain, neck injury/spinal pain, and depression. It had worked very well to control my pain better than neurontin or lyrica. When Duloxetine was released, my local pharmacy filled my prescription with it instead of Cymbalta without notifying me. I agreed to try it. I didn't even make it a full month before my neuropathic pain and fibromyalgia pain returned. My doctor changed me immediately back to Cymbalta. I guess some people can take the generic and some can't. I have never had a problem taking generic medications before, but this particular drug is the exception for me. I am a RN and am very knowledgeable about the way medications effect each individual differently. I wish insurance companies understood thisRead More Read Less
157: Cymbalta worked great.  Duloxetine seems less effective.
158: I haver been in pain for years and this drug is the only one that  has given me a lot of releaf
159: After years on Cymbalta the insurance company switched me to the Generic Duloxetine.  After two weeks I am experiencing severe itching in addition to painful joints in my fingers.  My question would be what else is in the generic because the generic is larger than Cymbalta ?
160: I have never felt any side effects. This drug has saved me. I'm now 65. I started five years ago. My back has always been so tight. With this drug, it was almost overnight in helping move. Thank you.
161: although I am on other meds, this one made me feel like I was on a drug "trip!!!" of some kind.  Very sleepy and disoriented after only one 60 mg. capsule.  Didn't matter whether it was taken in AM or PM....
162: I was lucky I started having bad side effects after the first dose of this horrendous medication .
Hallucinating , loose bowel movement, feeling spicy like I wasn’t in the room.after calling my doctor he told me to keep on the medication so I took the second dose the next day & the side effects got worse 
I ended up in the emergency room 14 hours after I took the second dose 
Heart beating out off my chest ,hot & cold sweats,agitated, constipated ,low blood pressure, not knowing who or were I was ,struggling to breathe ,horrible uncontrollable body shaking 
I spent 1 day in hospital 
I stopped after that 2nd dose 
I called my doctor & told him no more medication like duloxotine 
I have been off them for a few days now 
I’m only taking Ibuprofen now.to manage the back pain 
The pain is still there . 
But I put up with the pain 
Instead of all the side effects from this hideous medication.
Please I just want people to not take this medication 
It’s not worth it 
Read More Read Less
163: I have been on Duloxetine since 2007 and gradually increased to 60 then 90 over the years. This pas Jan. 2020 I was weaned off to 60 then 30. In June2020 I ended up in the hospital with a sevear panic attack, Icould not breath, lots of anxity, could not sleep or sit still and the rooms was closing in on me. I wanted to kill myself. The ER would not give me anything for my attacks but my blood-work showed my serotonin was low making me feel this way. I was told to see my primary Dr for an anxiety medication. I never knew it was going to be so bad getting off of this drug.Read More Read Less
164: Am evidently allergic to it. Had severe diahrrea and extreme light headedness. Will not take again.
165: DO NOT TAKE THIA DRUG! It helped with stopping anxiety but it has horrible withdrawal effects when you stop taking it!  It was like a sedative while taking it. I slept 12-14 hours a day and had no energy to do anything. It’s been 2.5 months since I stopped taking it and I’ve had HORRIBLE HEADACHES for days and ANXIETY THROUGH THE ROOF! It is scary just to drive my car. I am still getting brain zaps and dizziness. I told my oncologist office dont ever prescribe me anything like this again!
166: I feel better not so sad. Back pain and muscle spasm have stopped.  I can move around again.  But i may be affecting my sex life.  Cant have an orgasm, where i usually do.  Loss of appatite.  I am also taking Gabapentin for nerve pain.  So i'm not sure which one is causing sexual disfunction.  Will check with pain mgt doctor on next visit.  I've been taking both meds for about 30 days now.
167: I switched to Duloxetine from Naproxen for knee and back pain. Noticable reduced swelling and less pain.
168: The generic definately does not work as well as the Cymbalta.
169: I have been taking Duloxetine for about a year. It really helped pull me out of a rough patch with depression, tearfulness and anxiety. I felt much more steady, optimistic and resilient, and got through the dark winter without my usual SAD symptoms. I think it also reduced my chronic pain from spinal stenosis. 
I started at 20mg and then 30, and did endure nausea and some sedating effects for a while but that went away after a week or two. Taking it at night helped. It also caused mild constipation but that’s basically a benefit for me because I tend to have the opposite problem. 
I was worried about nausea when I increased to 60mg last fall, but it didn’t come back. What did start to happen after several months at 60mg were *drenching* night sweats. It took me a while to identify the meds as the cause and that’s when I started to get acquainted with how hard it can be to come off this drug. I had the brain zaps, electric shock sensations, and diarrhea for withdrawal symptoms. Titrating down very gradually over several months made it manageable. Now I’m taking 20 mg daily and I think I’ll stick with that for a while, and I expect I’ll want to increase the dosage before winter comes again, but not up to 60mg again. 
Overall I think the benefits of this medication outweighed the downsides for me. I couldn’t tolerate SSRIs that I had tried first (3 different ones gave me insomnia and diarrhea. My pscych said they were probably too alerting/stimulating for me). Unfortunately it often takes some trial and error before you find the best fit for a psych drug, which is hard to go through when you just need relief! But this med might be right for you!Read More Read Less
170: Fibromyalgia treatment, helped with severe pains in my legs, back and neck.  I did go up to 60mg after 4 months because some of the pains were coming back. Helped my depression but the Fatigue is still there.  I am happy that the pain has greatly lessened so I say it's a win for now.
171: I had tailbone pain for over one year. Finally was prescribed this medication.  It has made my life 100% better. I sleep better and I am not as emotional as I was before taking this medication.
172: This is honestly the worst drug anyone could ever take. I took 60mg of Duloxetine for over 5 years and had to come off it for surgery.   I was initially prescribed it by a psychiatrist and left on it for so long because my GPs didn’t know what it was or what it did. Admittedly, it did the job and helped a lot with my depression and anxiety, but it wasn’t worth it for the withdrawal symptoms I suffered with.   Do not take this drug long term - you will never be able to come off it. The withdrawal is absolutely horrendous. I actually thought I was having a seizure at one point. I had absolutely no choice but to come off it because it isn’t available in liquid form. If I wasn’t having surgery, I’d have taken it again in an instant to stop the awful withdrawal effects.    I have been reading lots about this drug and feel I have to warn people. There have been many lawsuits against the manufacturer because coming off it is likened to coming off speed. The withdrawal can last years for some people.   I can’t even describe how awful it is trying to come off this drug. I honestly thought I was going to die. I had flashes of electricity through my brain every couple of minutes that rendered me totally unable to do anything. My head was fuzzy, I had awful dreams and sweats, I had stomach upsets and just a terrible feeling of paranoia.   I have been off it for six months now and I was lucky that the withdrawal effects stopped after around 2 months.  Please, please, please be aware before taking this drug - stopping it was one of the hardest things I’ve ever done in my life. I wish I’d known about it before I started taking it
173: I was on prozac, paroxetine, for depression and anxiety.  I am now taking dulexetine dr, for a few weeks and feel womderful, my mood is normal, not anxious, feel energized.  The above ssris did not work for me.  Everyone is different, and you have to find out what works for you.
174: I tried Cimbalta but found I had urinary retention which I do not have when taking Escelatopram.  I have also got chronic pain of my lower back.  I take Cellebrix to alleviate this when I need to.  Cymbalta covered both of my problems regarding pain and depression.
175: I was fine on Cymbalta but this stuff has caused me to have stomach cramps, gas, constipation and sick stomach.  I feel the need to sleep until I feel better.  I have been on this medicine for two weeks.  I didn't take it yesterday and I felt fine.
176: I took 30 mg for a couple, and then upped to 60 mg for about 6 months. It was the first time I have been relieved of my depression for 10 years. It also managed to help with some anxiety and my migraines! It did wonders for me, but I had to come off of it due to rather being depressed, I was bipolar. So the medication wasnt fit for the job. But what it did was great!
177: Medication is impossible to stop. Interacts with so many medications. Pretty sure it has made my hypertension worse. Doctors should really warn people of how hard this medication is to stop. You literally feel the brain zaps when you are tapering down. It’s just horrible.
178: is this a generic ?
179: Just started today,I have taken  2 capsules and my BP is very high this evening.My question does this medication cause your BP to rise? I just spent good money on this medicine and I am concerned about my blood pressure.
180: After about a month, a noticeable improvement in my balance and a reduction in the tingling sensation & heavy foot feeling. On month three and hoping an increase in dosage may further improve my condition. DMC
181: The side effects of this when you need to stop using it I can only describe as horrendous I’ve never experienced anything like it and I’m not kidding I didn’t or rather couldn’t get out of bed for 3 days sickness diarrhoea vertigo ringing and buzzing in my ear avoid using this if you can avoid it
182: I have only been on it for a couple of weeks it has helped me somewhat but made me confused and kind of manic and adhd. I still cry daily. but I can’t have an orgasm.
183: Watch out for withdrawal symptom if missed a dose. I experienced “brain snaps”. When googled, they were from serotonin withdrawal…sounded like thumb and finger rub near ear. Article went on to say snap takes place when lateral shift of eyes to either side takes place. Phew. My anxiety is over, Just keep your eyes straight when they occur.
184: My doctor tried switching me from SSRI’s for my anxiety and depression and put me on Cymbalta. It made me so suicidal, I wanted to kill myself every day. Sure, I was depressed, that’s why I was on SSRI’s in the first place, but I never had such a strong urge to end my life. This medication severely reacted with me. I have never had a month filled with such dread and self-hate in my entire life. Immediately felt better once taken off it. I DO NOT RECOMMEND!!!!
185: I am a 74 year young female. I have suffered with muscular pain and extreme lower back and leg pain for years. Most of my lifetime.  I have been on I do believe every antidepressant there is out there, including getting injections. After speaking to my pharmacist my doctor agreed for me to try Cymbalta. Tonight will only be my third pill. I was a little concerned about the side effects. So far none except tiredness. First pill took in the morning as I already have insomnia for years. That day very tired so the next was a nighttime try. Very restless sleep but going to try again tonight. As I said I had i
Sleep deprivation before this med. 
so far excellent and I’m glad I tried. To not have this pain throughout my day will be heaven. I will update in a few weeks. So far minimal side effect . Please try this one
186: A psychiatrist discontinued Effexor XR and added Cymbalta to my drug regimen. I have MDD, Fibromyalgia and CFIDS.     Within the first few days of taking the new drug I had crying episodes that I felt I could not control. I could form sentences in my brain but the words didn't come out of my mouth in the right order. This drug was supposed to help control the pain from all three diseases. It didn't make a difference in my pain level.
187: Prescribed for depression/anxiety/neuropathic pain about 5 years ago. On 60mg then up to 120mg, then down again.

Did it work? Yes despite sexual side effects and excessive sweating, worked great. Even made neuropathic pain stop.

Is it hard to come off? Yes - forgot to bring it while traveling a few years ago, and felt like I was going to die: brain zaps, impulsive behavior, emotional swings, weird uncontrollable bodily sensations. Currently, I am slowly reducing dose from 20 mg to zero, and even that feels tough.

Doctors really should be obliged to warn patients about withdrawal symptoms before prescribing.Read More Read Less
188: Two drawbacks: increased sweating and bowel changes.  The sweating is easily treated with antipersperant.  The bowel changes are tricky.  I'm constipated and irregular.  Neither much fun.  Overall, it's worth it for me to feel better.
189: Taking it for trigeminal neuralgia it's been a godsend for me
190: I just began my dose of 20mg of Duloxetine. It's been about a month and I Love it! I still have pain occasionally. But I feel so much better than before! My doctor found a way for me to finally cope better in a everyday life!
191: This medicine has literally changed my life.  Major reduction in my fibro pain.  Significant reduction in anxiety and nervousness.  Huge change in my quality of life.
192: Duloxetine was the third anti depression/anxiety medication I have tried. Previously, celexa and prozac, both of which i felt had stopped working after a while. I was given Duloxetine for Major depressive disorder/panic disorder/chronic pain. I would not recommend this drug to ANYONE suffering from depression/anxiety. I was crying over everything from commercials to someone asking me to do something for them and MORE. No reason at all and I would be sobbing hysterically. On top of that I had horribly invasive thoughts, not suicidal, but things like  "what would happen if I were to just run the red light instead of stopping?" I physically could not make myself smile because I felt there was no reason in the world to smile at all. Horrible drug, I begged my doctor in tears to take me off it after 6 weeks.   Read More Read Less
193: THIS MED IS MAKING ME FEEL LOW AND I CANNOT SLEEP
194: I have been taking this medication now for almost a year with a daily dose of 60 mg. I am also taking Alventa twice daily doses of 75 mg. and a Clonazepam 1 mg. for sleep at night. Ever since I took Diluxetine all pain has stopped as if I had never had them, but if I get nervous or anxious, I have a milder neck and head ache.   However, recently I had a full check up and had a high level of liver enzymes.   Also I started having pain in my eyes and mild headaches now for almost a month. As a result of eye check up, the dr. Diagnosed Glaucoma which is not a case within my family as a hereditary desease. I wonder if these symptoms and complications are caused by taking Duloxetine.   Read More Read Less
195: Cymbalta has made the difference in my life. I had serious, awful anxiety that felt completely out of my control. I did therapy for 6 months with no change before being sent to a psychiatrist. The first few days were hard as I felt irritable for seemingly no reason. About the first week in I felt like "not myself" although I couldn't explain past that. I just felt... weird. 2 weeks in I realized I didn't feel like myself because I wasn't anxious and my mind was finally free to think about other things. It's been a year later and my anxiety is still very low. Rarely, I have times where I feel anxious still but it's nothing like it was before: hours and hours each day thinking anxious thoughts that I couldn't stop, countless times crying over nothing, asking my family for reassurance daily, etc. No more. I feel like a completely different person now
196: My PCP had tried many medications to treat my depression and anxiety. I have been on cymbalta for nearly 4 years now and it has made my life so much easier. My kids don't have to wonder why mom is sad or panicking anynore.
