1: I was given this 25 mg of pregabalin by my doctor 4 more months ago it has taken the severe pain away in my left leg, but the side effects are bad , constipated, dry mouth, feeling sick and flatulent all the time, I am now going back to my doctor to say that the severe pain is away and to take me off this prescription, I am already taking solpadol and fenbid gel to rub on the affected knee.
2: Pregabalin 75 mg does not help me with my nerve pain after shingles at this dose. I was told by my Dr to increase my dosage by taking 3 pills instead of two. Still no help. Neither did hydrocodone 5.0 or gabapentin.
3: Have been taking lyrica/pregabalin for over 10 years due to, seemingly permanent, Post Herpetic Neuralgia after a severe bout of shingles. Cant live without it. I have experienced the fog  dizziness and swelling of the ankles. Better to work on the weight gain pain free, than the pain without it
4: I'm taking pregabalin for neuropathy pain. I started on 75mg the pain eased then my GP upper it to 100mg.and  the pain went from a 6 to a 1 which was great, but the only problem I'm having now is since upping the doses to 100mg I cant reach an Orgasm, so I have dropped back down to 75mg again. Apart from that, I think this medication has helped me a lot.
5: Well I only needed 2 doses of this to know it's useless for me. It was prescribed for for chronic back pain from herniated discs and arthritis. They were 25mg and I was told no more than 3 a day. Took one that night and 2 hours later it took about 10% of the pain away, or else it was just wishful thinking. So the next day I took another one. It sort of helped but as the day went on I started having coordination problems and difficulty thinking and then on top of that the nausea was unbelievable. I ended up off balance, sick to my stomach and still in pain. Holy cow, if a little 25mg dose did that to me the second time I took it, no way am I touching it again
6: Tried 800mg,600mg, and 100mg with all the same reaction. My head felt full of water. Dizziness, vision  defect, hearing effected, and balance effected. Come to find out that a lot of people have the same reactions.
7: Have lower back pain due to dengentive bone disease
8: sexual side/ affects/
9: Neurontin did not work well for me. Bad side effects.
10: It works but makes me very dizzy so that I can't do anything else.
11: Took Lyrica for 4 years, big government said  you can't take this medicine anymore.  Started taking pregabalin not as effective. More side effects than Lyrica.
12: Somewhat tolerable  skin itching, tiredness feeling, & dizzy.  Otherwise it helped the back pain.
13: Disappointed in generic pregablin made by cipla. About 30 to 40% effective in helping manage nerve pain in comparison to brand name Lyrica. Had been taking 100mg 3x day for neuropathy resulting from spondylolisthesis for approx 3 years. First week I felt horrible and irritable but it wore off however pain progressively got worse. I'm going back to Lyrica unless someone can recommend a better generic
14: what are the side effects
15: dizzyness and a sense of imbalance
16: Swopped to this medication by GP. For trigeminal neuralgia. Did not work for me at all on a dosage of 75mg twice a day. Symptoms came back very fiercely. Today changed back to Tegretol thank goodness.
17: Med 0,025%  CREA work well  on body  pain less more movement.  To me  better  overall.
18: lyrica is good
19: After taking it only about a week, gradually increasing the dose as prescribed, I have developed extreme restlessness and sleeplessness for the past three nights.  I have begun to back down the dosage, but am tempted to stop completely tomorrow because I need to sleep!
20: THIS MEDICATION WORKED VERY WELL BUT IT AFFECTED MY VISION.
21: Dr. started me on this at 300 mg once a day for a week, then twice a day (morning and evening) then 600 mg. twice a day (morning and evening). It did nothing  for the pain of FM. It did however, give me severe side effects. Sore muscles, poor balance, some vision problems, I became mean, and didn't care a lot about anything....just felt angry all the time.
22: I had very bad pain in my back which was getting worse every day.  My doctor said it was nerve pain and gave me a sample of Lyrica to see if it help. It took away 85 to 90 percent of the pain. However after a day I broke out in a rash, It turns out I had shingles and that was causing the nerve pain. Thank God for Lyrica if I was even 15 min. late taking it I would be in terrible pain. I am just about recovered now. The Lyrica worked wonders for me. Without it I couldn't find a comfortable spot to lay down or sit up
23: Early onset degenerative disc disease, started in C-Spine- numbness then pain. Went from Vicodin & diazepam to Methodone and soma. Then to Gabapenten and Flexeril, this medication takes longer to kick in, but doesn't alter my personality as severly as the narcotics did. In exchange for the pain, liver and mental decline, apathy and weight gain is a price worth paying. I wish I had been started on this medication, and had the vicoden slowly tapered off.
24: dizziness
25: Although this medication is very effective in stopping the pain, the followings symptoms are rather troublesome.  Fluid Retention in legs.  Visible water retention.  Weight gain  Sinus irritation & Congestion  Trouble breathing.
26: Put on for neuropathic pain. It worked initially for a few months, decreasing pain about 50%. I started experiencing bad side effects, including anxiety, depression, suicidal ideation, and word and memory loss. After a few months on it, I noticed I would get very sick if I missed a dose by 12 hours. Uncontrollable sweating, chills, nausea, and dizziness that would worsen until I took a dose. This stuff appears to be very physically addictive. I now consider this medicine very harmful and believe the public should know about it. I’ve been titrating for two months now with significant withdrawal symptoms.I think the addictive potential and cognitive effects of this medication should be better investigated
27: Had surgery for a benign tumor on my spinal cord. Still in a lot of pain after surgery. (had 20lbs weight loss in 6 weeks due to barely eating and just feeling weak) After a few days of Pregabalin, The pain was 75% better, so much better I got my appetite and gained the 20lbs back in about 6 weeks. I am back to my former weight, but I was 20lbs overweight before all this. I have tried changing my diet and have lost about 5lbs, can't lose anymore and I have tried. Have been on this about 13 months. My DR. is letting be wean off it because I have had problems hitting objects with my car...I  have a perfect driving record, so this not like me at all. I just don't feel normal anymore. My opinion is use it temporarily and stop (slowly) and see what happens instead of taking it forever. I will update in a month or so.
Read More Read Less
28: After taking 50mg 3X a day for only 4 days I experienced very sexual and vivid dreams.  Along with that I had an erection nearly all night for 2 nights along with a very anxious feeling.  Had to back down to 2x a day and did not get the relief that I was getting from 3X a day!  This drug worked great for radiating pain but the side effects were to much!
29: Diabetic Neuropathy has made it necessary to seek out treatment.  Lyrica at 450ms  a day helps.  The side effects however make it necesary to look at other possible treatments.  Edema is a huge issue.   Everything swells.  Sinus issues for the first time in my life. Getting bigger in all aspects and effects in my vision with Retinal Edema makes it problomatic to do things like drive or operate a computer.  Will advise after I consult Physician and work my way down the dose to eventually get off the drug, then see what happens.Read More Read Less
30: started out 100mg 3X per day. i am currently on 600mg 3x per day. But i am still in constant pain (vascular neuropathy). most days i walk with the assistance af a cane. i wish there was something that would stop the pain completely.
31: Within 60 minutes of taking 150mg I notice a dramatic reduction in pain, and a dramatic increase in my ability to move, bend over, and go down on my haunches (squat). Getting back up is still very painful in knees and lower back. The medication is very good, has no side-effects, but I have noticed improved mood, "waxing LYRICAl", becoming more eloquent (very similar to a Marijuana high) and have moved from 75mg bd to 150mg bd very easily. Still, I have to see a Neuro-Surgeon next week as I have two slipped discs and pronounced bulging of spinal cord. Have shooting pain into both legs, sciatica in sacro-iliacs, leg pain like a wrench is tightening every muscle and tendon, and sometimes it's impossible to walk. But LYRICA remains an excellent medication and I applaud the manufacturers.Read More Read Less
32: I have Peripheral Neuropathy and my feet were killing me.  I started with 3 50 mg a day with little help.  Increased to 4 50's spaced late in the day and a big help at night.  Only problem is that my eyes turn blurry with the 4th tablet otherwise big help with the feet.
33: Living hell is what this medication causes once you come off of it.I completely understand why people keep taking it.
34: I have Neuropathic pain and partial onset of seizerea, and I have found the medication is good but it does not cure or stop the pain completely.
35: As I am taking 450mgs-600mgs daily i TOUGHT i will feel lot more better but still in lot of discomfort GO TO BED UP AFTER 2=3HRS IN LOT OF PAIN STAY AWAKE FOR ANOTHER 1-2 SOMETIMES MORE SLEEP SOMEMORE AND I FELT THAT WITH THAT DOSE I SHOULD BE LOT BETTER PERHAPS EARLY GAYS ON BEEN ON 6WEEKS.IAM THINKING OF TELLING MY DOCTOR TO TAKE ME OF AS I PUT ON 12LBS ON IN THAT SHORT TIME AND NO NOTHING TO DO WITH XMAS WE ARE PRETTY STRICT ABOUT CARBS AND SWEET STUFF AS MY HUSBAND IS DIABETIC
36: The most wonderful and effective drug i have ever taken.
37: I am 64.5 years male and have flashes electrical current in the brain when I go to bed that lifts my torso from the bed. It is bewildering, and methinks it stops heart and brain function immediately momentarily. I am unable to sleep despite medication with Clonzepam and Pregabalin with Methylcobalmin once daily. Only when it is day-break I can sleep for an hour or two.  Also, prior to this sometimes, I hear sounds like hissing or the one that we hear before the water boils and it suddenly becomes the one mentioned above.  I am unable to tell what ailment it is. All tests have been found normal except MRI, in which, normal changes due to ageing are apparent. I have pain for thirty years in lower abdomen and waist, in thoracic region and also in neck for last few years.Read More Read Less
38: Well lyrica has not done anything for me because I have been taking this medicine for 2 months and I dont see any relief and that a shame
39: I was put on this drug for neuropathic pain with fibromyalgia, and it's helped quite a lot. I am very impressed by how I feel on this medicine and the effect it's had on me. The side-effects I had when I first started this medicine were headaches, sleepiness, decreased libido, tiredness, strange dreams, and thirst. All these went after a while, except for the decreased libido, which I still have today.
40: lyrica has has improved the pain of my fibromyalgia,prior to using it,I had to wear a splint on my left hand to ease severe thumb pain. I have to stop taking this because I have gained wgt.very fast. I also am diabetic. My ankles have begun swelling,my depression is worse due to the wgt.gain.
41: I have been given 75mg twice daily took for 6 months. Had improvement in pain for 5 months then started getting hallucinations, swelling of ankles, weight gain. Dr suggetsed to stop gradually. Since stopped still have hallucinations. anyone else had this problem ?
42: it work grate for the most part, it dull the pain of my feet very well
43: it has eased my pain,but not stop it.
44: My use of this drug is for neuropathic pain from multiple sclerosis.I find it easy to use and we think it has helped with the pain by helping to reach the plato that I am at now.
45: Was given this for Anxiety issues as others seemed to fail.Have seen no apparent change but i have also depression and have not been feeling grt with that.
46: The drug obliviates the back and leg pain. The side effects are dizziness, impaired ability to focus my eyes, and sleepiness. These side effects are controllable for me.
47: not as good a pain relive for neuropathic pain.
48: I have been taking Lyrica (pregabalin) for quite a while now.  I do not think it has really helped with the constant pain. My doctor has now increased my dose to 100mg twice a day compared to 50mg three times a day. that's an additional 50mg per day that I will be taking. I'm not really expecting much in the way of any pain relief from this but I am willing to give it a try anyway just to get some pain relief.  I will report back in the future.
49: I have tried everything including accupuncture, epidurals,neurontin,and a number of other drugs nothing worked. This has really worked to a point where I forget I have the post herptic neuralgia. I have had this condition since 1998.
50: Caused drowseyness, forgetfulness, dizziness, took the edge of the pain but caused 20 pounds of weight gain hands and feet swelling
51: Very good for neuropathic pain,but problems with weight and balance.
52: I have been prescribed this drug for anxiety disorder as a support cause I also start an antideppresant. It made me dizzy and out of balance, with a feeling that Im floating when I walk. Took 100mg for about three weeks and I stopped it like I supposed to do. Almost a day without taking Pregabalin and I still have the same side effects plus my anxiety increased a little. 
I'm never gonna take this drug again.
53: helped me very much both for pain and anxiety
54: I was in constant pain from Periferal Neuropathy.   Could only walk for 7 minutes before I had to sit down because of extreme pain.  Started with 25mg 3 x per day, moved up to 50 mg 3 x per day and am now at 100 mg 3 x per day.  Results dramatic!  Now walk a mile and a half 6 days a week with minimal pain.  Sit down at the 3/4 mile mark, not for pain but just for a break.  No side effects.  Lyrica is the best thing that ever happened to me besides the Dr that prescribed it!!  LGH
55: lyrica has been a god sent it has helped my nueropathy  so much. without it i could not walk.
56: not the best.
57: i have just started taking this med so it may be to early to no if it will help
58: I have fibromyalgia and it hasn't worked for me
59: its very good for  nerve pain
60: Takes care of the pain as well as Lyrica did.
61: I started using this after a neck fusion.  I hAve been on it for four months.  I didn't think it was helping until I stopped! What a difference.  I'm not a pharmaceutical kind of gal and found a homeopathic substitute.  I started weining myself off of it (under the supervision of my doctor-do not do this alone!)  I recently went to my eye doctor and he was puzzled that my eyes were better, I told him I was on gabapentine. He told me that it has actually helped my eyes!  I have epilepsy in my eyes.  I conveyed this to my doctor.  I now take only two gabapentine and my homopathic in conjunction twice a day. I have been pleased with this.  Passing on my experience, so it may help others.Read More Read Less
62: It doesn't work at all for me. I have taken it for several months at my doctor's insistence. When it didn't work at first my doctor insisted I give it some time. Now after several months of not working, I am addicted to it. I tried not taking it for several days and my normally jus horrific pain became 100X worse. I take it now just to make my pain stay at the horrific level. It's a waste of money. As soon as I retire, I'm going to kick this habit.
63: I just started 50 mgs 3 times a day for 
Carpal Tunnel but I am feeling dizzy, tired and just plain 'weird'.  I live alone and after reading the side effects I have decided to stop taking this medication.
64: I had a stroke,may 2006, I have worsening pain in my right side and was given pregablin 7 months ago. It dulls the pain a bit but the side effects are still not going away. I am dizzy, sleepy, confused, forgetful, etc.
65: They are not unsure...what it is...first bursitis...now going for MRI to find out what is wrong...first pill slept first time in 3 months through the night...second one...not good...
66: I was on pregabalin on and off for the last 2 years..well, I asked my Dr. (MD) to up the dose to 200mgs. 2 times a dday because te one 200 mg was wearing off for my spine surgery and knee replaacement both twice in one knee.etc..well, I never thought I would go through such hell to withraw because I gained like 15 lbs in a month.I'm hypothyroid so, I had to stop it. Chills, feer, shocking pain in feet and hands 1 day after not aking it..I went cold turkey onto Gabapentin well that did nothing for pain..Please know the facts before starting this dangerous drug..please..Read More Read Less
67: I started on 75mg twice a day but have moved to 75mg 3 times a day for extream peripheral neuropothy in both feet. Side effecte are minimal but the results are great. I am able to wear shoes and I no longer cover my feet at night. Hopefully this result will last. I have replaced my Gabapentin with Pregabelin so fingers crossed.
68: was on gabapentin which caused tinitus so was switched to pregablin which still causes tinitus! does help but not when i have attacks of severe back pain (i have a bulginging disc)
69: not helped with back pain after decompression Also I find my other bones especially shoulders and the muscle at the top of my arms are in agony Especialy at night lying against cushion or lying in bed Also blotines
70: Before taking this medcation, I had to use my dad's walker to get my 6 year old to the bus stop for school because I could not walk anymore. But since taking this medication, I can at least walk. Nothing will kill the pain completely but at least being able to see about my child's needs is a huge step to be able to do.
71: Takening 75mgs morning and night run out and could tell the differents in like a week.  This med has brought my life back. Can do things now that could not do before without stopping and taking a nap after each one.  It works for me
72: It may not eliminate ALL the pain of my combined Fybromialgia and Carpal Tunnel syndromm (caused by trauma), but it eliminates enough so that I do NOT wake up in agony in the middle of the night, and can fall back to sleep and go to my job the next day.
73: side effects were worse than initial symptoms. developed severe! edema and pain from the edema as opposed to pain from neuropathy. i hope others have better results than i.
74: Bulging discs in my neck are trapping my nerves. In pain down my arms hands and back. Pregablin takes away about 30 percent of the pain. It makes me constanly tired which is no good when i have a 7 year old to care for. On the highest dose 75mg 3 times a day i couldnt see. Everything shifted out of focus which scared the crap out of me. Not good. Had to lower the dose and still struggling.
75: Very little pain relief.  I have a spnal cord injury causing extreme carpal tunnel in both hands/arms, neuropathy in torso and legs/feet.  May have someting to do with why it doesn't work for me well.
76: I've been taking this medication for several years and it has made a huge difference in my ability to stand the pain of Fibromyalgia.  It keeps my nerves under control so that my arms don't buzz all the time.
77: Very unexpected surprise on helpng depression, and I had most of the commonly prescribed anti depressants.  On helping the pain, On a scale of 1 to 10, I would rate this a 5.  I have used for 2 weeks, 50mg twice a day.
78: Am taking this for severe Sciatica from disk damage(2x75mg daily)very effective,knocks down a lot of pain (please cut my leg off kinda pain), 80-95% I would est,depending how careful i've been throughout the day. Was taking Gabapentin before which worked well for the pain but couldn't shake the nasty side effects even after 2 months. Am having no side effects (that I'm aware of) on the Lyrica. Expensive if not covered,$180 for 100 (Canada),but its been worth it.
79: Works great for neuropathy pain. Started at 75mg then upper to 100mg the pain pretty much went away. The only issue I'm having is I'm unable to reach an orgasm, so I have dropped back down to 75mg. Apart from this i think the medication is fine.
80: Loved the med. Stopped my feet pain almost completely. But I gained 20 pounds in 2 months and then went off immediately. Then continued to gain another 10 pounds. Lost that last 10 but the other 20 has never came back off. Ugh! Doctor says this is common. Wish I hadnt tried it though.
81: TERRIBLE drug. Mild pain control, similar to high dose of Tylenol. Gained 60 pounds in 3 months with no alteration in diet. Years after stopping it, still struggle with depressed metabolism.
82: After taking Lyrica this medicine does not work nor and has worse side effects.
83: This works nearly as well as Lyrica but because I don't live close to my pharmacy, I've let myself run out of it twice for two days. The uncontrollable ITCHING is horrible! I've vowed to not let this happen again.
84: what is the real not the generic name for pregmabelin
85: I was prescribed Lyrica for Fibromyalgia. My starting dose was 150 mg per day. After the first 2 weeks there was an improvment in my daily functioning, as well as my pain; however, after 4 weeks my rheumatologist had to double my dose to 300 mg per day. I am 3 days into the new dose and although I am a little foggy-brained, I believe it is beginning to make a difference. The cost is a concern because it is not a preferred medication for Blue-Cross. So far, so good!
86: Made me need more sleep (10+ hrs/day) however I was able to sleep.
87: I have gone back to this medication after taking Lyrica because of blurred vision and extreme dry mouth symptoms. I wish I could find something else that would help with the firomyalga pain. This seems to be the only other medication there is.
88: I was given Pregabalin for my Generalized Anxiety Disorder, after various failed attempts with SSRIs.  This medication works somewhat well (better than the anti-depressants) for my anxiety, but not as well as Benzodiazepines that i have used in the past, which ELIMINATE anxiety.  It is also now without its side-effects.  I have widespread muscle and joint pain and i feel weak and lethargic all day.  It also has some sexual side effects which i will not go into.
89: I have post-surgical adhesions that cause chronic pain, and two herniated discs in my neck. At 150 mg. daily, saw some improvement in the neck pain but none for the adhesions. Started noticing increased drowsiness. Dr. upped the dose to 250 mg. day and the drowsiness got much worse - 2 hour "naps" in the afternoon and extreme difficulty waking up in the a.m.
90: The use of this medication has essentially stopped the burning pins-and-needles in my hands and feet that had me walking the floor into the night.
91: treatment for fibromyalgia -  this medication has alot of side effects and you have to decide if the side effects you experience are worth the choice vs the pain.
92: I've noticed that my eye sight has become more blurry.  Sleep during the day for 1-2 hrs. Not sure if it is helping or not.  Time will tell.
93: 'What a relief' No more pain in my feet as I sleep.
94: I have today taken the drug for the first time. After 2 hours, was dizzy and go to my coordination has subsided. Overall, I was not in full possession of my powers.
95: it has really helped with pain relief
96: i had the capillary lead syndrom with very strong neuropathic pain, so the treatment against  was 3x a day 100mg, but i feel very depressiv and the pain is still the there.
97: Having had had unknown nuerological ilness for many years now and tried numerous drugs, by far this is the best to date. I have more energy can walk further and now dont have to have a daily sleep. Which in itself is a great relief.
98: I take Lyrica for Fibro. and for nerve pain and it works pretty darn well.  It is actually hard to tell which med has helped the most as I am on several different meds for pain.  But as long as the dose is increased slowly I have had no problems taking Lyrica.
99: i thought it was an excellent drug when first taken.but found it nessacary to ask nureosurgeon,to increase dosage.now feel i need to up dosage again.
100: I used this drug to relieve exteme tingling and electric shocks from my stomach down my legs to my feet and toes due to type II diabetes. I also was unable to sleep more than 1 or 2 hours a night. Lyrica relived all symptoms immediatley after taking the first pill. Only adverse side effect was a punch drunk feeling that only occurred after taking the first pill. Eventually my nerve pain went away after 10 months and I was able to stop taking Lyrica for the next 6 months. My sleep pattern returned to a  more normal 5 to 6 hours per night. I have recently been unable to sleep more that 1 to 2 hours per night again and I started taking 1 150mg pill before going to bed as a sleep aid. Lyrica works like a champ as a sleep aid. I get 5 to 6 hours sleep again with no side effects.Read More Read Less
101: I started taking this drug for stenosis in my neck. I experienced no relief for the first two or three weeks and was about to give up when it kicked in. No pain. No side effects.
102: Not sure if it is working effectively. My feet are still burning and hurting. I was just started om it a week ago. Do I need to have the amount of drug increased?    Mike Trexler
103: I take 100mg 3x a day, worked well for about 6weeks. Now I have a lot of pain again. See Neurologist tomorrow to see if we can up dose. Makes me very tired, sometimes it's hard to stay aware after mid day dose. I also have degenerative disc, bulging disc and osteoarthritis. I was told should help with it, however it doesn't
104: Taking this drug, for me, was taking the tiger by the tail. And I got eaten in the end. Lol, to be less dramatic, I used 300 to 600 mg gabapentin for sleep every night for fourteen months. It worked like a dream and I thought my lifelong debilitating sleep issues were over. No. It stopped working.
105: I have now been taking 300mg ofthis drug,on a daily basis since nov2008.I had a bulging disc removed,which has dented my spinal cord,and also severed the sciatic nerve to the left leg..I wasnt given this drug until having three operations,and at the time was also told i was lucky to.have it,,AS IT WAS TOO   EXPENSIVE!!,Cost of life eh!Having said that ,i do think it did work for the first 2-5months,But i now feel a higher dose is really needed..My lower back pain and left leg pain is unbearable,And i really do wish i could cut my leg off.In all ,yes it is a good drug.For a while!!But if it is going to need increasing,Its got to be ADDICTIVE..Take care..Read More Read Less
106: My doctor gave me Lyrica for my fibromyalgia and one week after starting this i collapsed. i passed out, my body went stiff as a board and i wasn't breathing. My husband said it was like a seizure.  the doctor ran all kinds of tests, and they ran heart and brain tests which all came back negative.  it was very costly to me, and the only thing i got from this crap was lots of medical bills and loss of work and couldn't drive.
107: I have Fibromyalgia and have suffered greatly the past 9 months.. Taking this for 45 days and I am feeling like my old self again!! I am taking 150 in the morning and 150 at night. To me this is a miracle!
108: My spine consultant diagnosed degradation of 2-3 lumbar discs and proposed a dose regime of 3 × 75mg pregabalin (Lyrica) as a holding response to significant lower back pain which also stimulated nerve pains in my buttocks and thighs. The treatment was very effective for the month before giving me a lumbar steroid injection.

[Admin: please note, then delete this bracketed comment. I reported another review (which was dated 28-Feb-22) a few minutes ago. The respondent is apparently reviewing gabapentin, not pregabalin! ]Read More Read Less
109: I have been diagnosed with Fibromyalgia and its so frustrating getting there. After a slew of meds., I just added Lyrica and I can already tell I'm feeling my old self come back. The energy, enthusiasm, and just the overall gladness of not feeling like I have to fight my way through the day. You with this disorder know what I mean. Its very hard and very frustrating to be so young yet feel as is you can't do antyhing without feeling like total crap.
110: Giventhe drug for migraines after 3 strokes from vaso-spasm strokes.  Couldnt breath like cronic asthma attack - doctor stated never heard of this reaction - stopped the drug still have the migraines - no ones seems to care except me.  Never again Favorite drug of the moment.
111: My legs hurt alot from diabetes and back problems, and this medication has helped me with getting thru the day without hurting legs and can walk alot easier.
112: I take this medicine for carpal tunnel syndrum.After one to two weeks pain has gone and has not returned.Taking it for about three weeks now.
113: I would like to know does it really work, cause I was on 300 mg.Gabapentin and it did not correct leg & foot pain.. Doc recommended 50 mg. Lyrica three times per day.  Has anyone had their mg.increased
114: ITS EASY TO USE BECAUSE I TAKE IT TWICE A DAY,PAIN WAS REDUCED FAIRY WELL, BUT IT SEEMS TO CAUSE DRYING NOT ONLY THE MOUTH BUT ALL OPENINGS OF THE BODY EG VAGINA, DROWSINESS IS OBVIOUS
115: Side effects++++
116: was on it for only 4 days! dizzy and light headed and couldn't drive!! so i lost 4 days of work!!!   dr wanted me to take 1 300mg at night and still had dizzyness!! said get me off this med now.
117: I am using lyric for neuraphy due to chemo.It is helping ,although I still am having to take pain meds.As I try to focus on the whole picture of recovery,I am finding it helpful.It has taking the edge off that I need to move forward.I have found I am forgetful again on when I am taking meds.So everyday I am setting up my meds so there is no question.I hope with time and lyrica I will eventually come off pain med.from what I endured this past year I give this thumbs up.
118: Although when I started on this drug, it worked really good. As my symtoms worsened this drug became less effective, even with a higher dosage. I started out taking 100 mgs. Now I'm up to 600mgs abd it's not touching the pain.
